CHAPTER 10

COOPERATIVE MARKETING ASSOCIATIONS

ARTICLE 1

IN GENERAL

17‑10‑101.  Purpose of chapter.

In order to promote, foster, and encourage the intelligent and orderly
marketing of agricultural products through cooperation, and to eliminate
speculation and waste; and to make the distribution of agricultural
products as direct as can be efficiently done between producer and
consumer; and to stabilize the marketing problems of agricultural
products, this act is passed.

17‑10‑102.  Definitions; associations deemed nonprofit; short title.

(a)  The term "agricultural products" shall include horticultural,
viticultural, forestry, dairy, livestock, poultry, bee, and any farm
products.

(b)  The term "member" shall include actual members of associations
without capital stock and holders of common stock in associations
organized with capital stock.

(c)  The term "association" or "cooperative" means any corporation
organized under this act.

(d)  The term "person" shall include individuals, firms, partnerships,
corporations and associations.

(e)  Associations organized hereunder shall be deemed nonprofit,
inasmuch as they are not organized to make profits for themselves, as
such, or for their members as such, but only for their members as
producers.

(f)  This act shall be referred to as the "Cooperative Marketing Act".

17‑10‑103.  Formation.

Five (5) or more persons, qualified electors of the state of Wyoming,
engaged in the production of agricultural products may form a nonprofit,
cooperative association, with or without capital stock, under the
provisions of this act.

17‑10‑104.  Purposes.

An association may be organized to engage in any activity in connection
with the marketing or selling of the agricultural products of its
members, or with the harvesting, preserving, drying, processing,
canning, packing, storing, handling, shipping, or utilization thereof,
of the manufacturing or marketing of the by‑products thereof; or in
connection with the manufacturing, selling, or supplying to its members
of machinery, equipment, or supplies; or in the financing of the above
enumerated activities; or in any one (1) or more of the activities
specified herein.

17‑10‑105.  Certificate of incorporation; execution and contents.

(a)  The incorporators shall sign and acknowledge, in the manner
required for the signing and acknowledgment of deeds, a certificate of
incorporation showing the following facts:

(i)  The name of the cooperative;

(ii)  The purpose of the cooperative;

(iii)(A)  If organized without capital stock, whether the property
rights of each member shall be equal or unequal; and if unequal, the
articles shall set forth the general rule or rules applicable to all
members by which the property rights and interests, respectively, of
each member shall be determined and fixed; and the association shall
have the power to admit new members who shall be entitled to share in
the property of the association with the old members, in accordance with
such general rule or rules. This provision of the articles of
incorporation shall not be altered, amended, or repealed except by the
written consent or the affirmative vote of three-fourths of the members;

(B)  If organized with capital stock, the amount of such stock, the
number of shares into which the capital stock is divided, and the par
value of each share shall be given.

(iv)  The period of duration for the cooperative, if the duration is not
to be perpetual;

(v)  The number of directors, not less than five (5) and the names of
those who shall manage the concerns of the corporation for the first
corporate year;

(vi)  The name of the town or post office and the county where the
principal office or place of business of the corporation shall be
located;

(vii)  Any further provisions, not inconsistent with law, which the
incorporators may deem expedient to be embodied in such certificate.

17‑10‑106.  Certificate of incorporation; filing; fees; commencement of
corporate existence.

The certificate of incorporation shall be filed in the office of the
secretary of state. The fees for filing or recording such certificate
shall be the same as in the case of corporations formed under the
general corporation laws. The corporation shall come into existence upon
the filing of its certificate in the office of the secretary of state.

17‑10‑107.  Certificate of incorporation; amendment.

The certificate of incorporation of any association organized under this
act or which may elect to come under the provisions of this act may be
amended in the following manner: the board of directors, by majority
vote of its members, may pass a resolution setting forth the full text
of the proposed amendment and also the full text of such section or
sections as may be altered or repealed by such amendments. Upon such
action by the board of directors, notice shall be mailed to each and
every member containing a copy of the resolution so adopted, the full
text of the proposed amendment and also the full text of such section or
sections as will be altered or repealed by such amendment. Such notice
shall also designate the time, not less than twenty (20) days from the
mailing of such notice, and place of the meeting at which such proposed
amendment shall be considered and voted upon. If a quorum of the members
is registered as being present or represented by mail votes at such
meeting, a majority of the members so present or represented by mail
votes may adopt or reject such proposed amendment; provided that no
amendment may be adopted inconsistent with W.S. 17‑10‑104. Such
amendments shall be put into effect by the directors, who shall sign and
acknowledge and file, as above provided by the general corporation law
of this state, new or revised certificates containing such amendments
and superseding the original certificate.

17‑10‑108.  Applicability of general corporation law relative to notice
for service of process.

Public notice of the filing of the original certificate and of all
amended certificates shall be given in like manner as that required in
the case of corporations formed under the general corporation law. The
corporation shall also designate an agent and office for the service of
papers and processes as required by the general corporation law.

17‑10‑109.  Powers.

(a)  Each cooperative formed under the provisions of this article shall
have power:

(i)  To have succession by its corporate name for the period limited in
its certificate;

(ii)  To sue and be sued, complain and defend in any court;

(iii)  To establish and use a common seal and alter the same;

(iv)  To hold, purchase and convey such real and personal property as
the purpose of the corporation may require, including stock or
membership in subsidiary, allied or similar cooperative corporations
within or without this state;

(v)  To appoint such officers and agents as the business may require,
including in every case, a president and a secretary, and to fix their
compensation;

(vi)  To make bylaws not inconsistent with law for the management of its
property, the regulation of its business and the transfer of its stock
or membership;

(vii)  To engage in any activity in connection with producing,
marketing, selling, preserving, drying, processing, canning, packing,
handling, storing or utilization of any agricultural products of its
members; or the manufacturing or marketing of the by‑products thereof;
or in connection with the purchase, hiring or use by its members of
supplies, machinery or equipment, or in the financing of such
activities, or in any one (1) or more of the activities specified in
this paragraph;

(viii)  To borrow money and to make advances to members upon products of
members in the hands of the association;

(ix)  To act as agent or representative of any member or members in any
of the activities mentioned in paragraphs (vii) and (viii) of this
subsection;

(x)  To purchase or otherwise acquire, and to hold, own and exercise all
rights of ownership in, and to sell, transfer or pledge shares of the
capital stock or bonds, or memberships of any corporation or association
organized under this act;

(xi)  To establish reserves and invest the funds thereof in bonds or
such other property as may be provided in the bylaws;

(xii)  To do each and everything necessary, suitable or proper for the
accomplishment of any one (1) of the purposes or the attainment of any
one (1) or more of the objects herein enumerated; and to contract
accordingly; and in addition to exercise and possess all powers, rights
and privileges necessary or incidental to the purposes for which the
association is organized or to the activities in which it is engaged;
and in addition any other rights, powers and privileges granted by the
laws of this state to ordinary corporations, except such as are
inconsistent with the express provisions of this act; and to do any such
things anywhere.

17‑10‑110.  Members and stock generally.

(a)  When a member of an association established without capital stock
has paid his membership fee in full, he shall receive a certificate of
membership.

(b)  No association shall issue stock to a member until it has been
fully paid for. The promissory notes of the members may be accepted by
the association as full or partial payment. The association shall hold
the stock as security for the payment of the note, but such retention of
security shall not affect the members' right to vote.

(c)  Except for debts lawfully contracted between him and the
association, no member shall be liable for the debts of the association
to an amount exceeding the sum remaining unpaid on his membership fee or
his subscription to the capital stock, including any unpaid balance on
any promissory notes given in payment thereof.

(d)  No stockholder of a cooperative association shall hold more than
twenty percent (20%) of the common stock of the association; and the
association, in its bylaws, may limit the amount of common stock which
one (1) member may own to any amount less than twenty percent (20%) of
the common stock.

(e)  No member or stockholder shall be entitled to more than one (1)
vote.

(f)  The bylaws shall prohibit the transfer of the common stock or
membership of the association to persons not engaged in the production
of the agricultural products handled by the association, and such
restrictions must be printed upon every certificate of stock or
membership certificate subject thereto.

(g)  Any association organized with stock under this act may issue
preferred stock, without the right to vote, and bearing a rate of
interest not to exceed eight percent (8%). Such stock may be redeemable
or retireable by the association on such terms and conditions as may be
provided for by the certificate of incorporation and printed on the face
of the certificate.

17‑10‑111.  Management by board of directors; composition and election
of board; terms of office.

The stock, property and concerns of such corporation shall be managed by
the board of directors who shall be respectively members, stockholders
or subscribers for stock and who shall, after the first corporate year,
be annually elected by the members or stockholders at such time and
place as shall be provided by the bylaws. The bylaws may provide that
the directors be elected for staggered terms not to exceed three (3)
years. Directors shall hold office until their successors have been
elected and qualified. The bylaws may provide that the territory in
which the association has members shall be divided into districts, and
the directors shall be elected according to such districts. In such case
the bylaws shall specify the number of directors to be elected by each
district, the manner and method of reapportioning the directors and
redistricting the territory covered by the association. The bylaws may
provide that primary elections should be held in each district to elect
the directors apportioned to such district, and the result of all such
primary elections must be ratified by the next regular meeting of the
association.

17‑10‑112.  Regular meetings; calling of special meetings; notice of
meetings.

In its bylaws each association shall provide for one (1) or more regular
meetings annually. The board of directors shall have the right to call a
special meeting at any time, and ten percent (10%) of the members or
stockholders may file a petition stating the specific business to be
brought before the association, and demand a special meeting at any
time. Such meeting must thereupon be called by the board of directors.
Notice of all meetings, together with a statement of the purposes
thereof, shall be mailed to each member at least twenty (20) days prior
to the meeting. Provided, however, that the bylaws may require instead
that such notice may be given by publication in a newspaper of general
circulation, published at the principal place of business of the
association. Date of publication of such meeting is to be at least
twenty (20) days before the date of such meeting.

17‑10‑113.  Removal of officers or directors.

(a)  Any member may bring charges against an officer or director by
filing them in writing with the secretary of the association, together
with a petition signed by ten percent (10%) of the members, requesting
the removal of the officer or director in question. The removal shall be
voted upon at the next regular or special meeting of the association,
and by a vote of a majority of the members of the association, the
association may remove the officer or director and fill the vacancy. The
director or officer against whom such charges have been brought shall be
informed in writing of the charges previous to the meeting, and shall
have an opportunity at the meeting, to be heard in person or by counsel,
and to present witnesses; and the person or persons bringing the charges
against him shall have the same opportunity.

(b)  In case the bylaws provide for the election of directors by
districts, with primary elections in each district, then the petition
for the removal of a director must be signed by twenty percent (20%) of
the members residing in the district from which he was elected. The
board of directors must call a special meeting of the members residing
in that district to consider the removal of the director. By a vote of
the majority of the members of that district, the director in question
shall be removed from office.

17‑10‑114.  Liability of directors for excess of indebtedness over
assets or capital.

If the indebtedness of such corporation shall at any time exceed the
amount of the assets of a nonstock corporation or the amount of
subscribed capital stock of a stock company, the directors assenting
thereto shall be personally and individually liable for such excess to
the creditors.

17‑10‑115.  Apportionment of net profits by directors of corporation
with capital stock.

(a)  The directors in any cooperative association organized under this
article may set aside a portion of net income to create or maintain a
capital reserve as they see fit or may set aside none, in their
discretion. In addition to a capital reserve, the board may:

(i)  Set aside an amount not to exceed five percent (5%) of the annual
net income of the cooperative association for:

(A)  Promoting and encouraging cooperative organization;

(B)  Promotion, education or research activities which are beneficial to
the cooperative, its members and products; and

(C)  Any other endeavor or effort which the board deems is in the best
interests of the cooperative or its members.

(ii)  Establish and accumulate reserves for new buildings, machinery and
equipment depreciation, losses and other purposes.

(b)  Repealed By Laws 2001, Ch. 144, § 4.

17‑10‑116.  Repealed By Laws 2001, Ch. 144, § 4.

17‑10‑117.  Sales contracts with members.

Any association organized under this act, as agent to sell the products
of members or purchase supplies for members may operate upon a nonprofit
basis by contracting to pay the members, for products sold by said
members to or through the association, the resale price minus a uniform
charge to cover the expenses involved in the handling of said products;
there shall also be set aside for a reserve fund a small percentage of
the sale price, said percentage to be fixed by the bylaws; resale price
to be the actual resale price to be based upon the average price during
any period for products of the same type and quality; the uniform
charges for expenses to be specified in the contract or made otherwise
ascertainable or left for determination by the directors.

17‑10‑118.  Liability of directors upon payment of dividends or
appointment when corporation insolvent; exception.

If the directors of any corporation organized under this act shall
declare and pay any dividend or apportionment of earnings or profits to
members or nonmembers when the corporation is insolvent or when it would
be rendered insolvent by such payment, such directors shall be jointly
and severally liable for all debts of the corporation then existing and
for all such debts thereafter incurred while they shall respectively
continue in office. Any director may relieve himself from such liability
at any time before the time fixed for the payment of such dividend or
apportionment by filing a certificate in writing of his objection with
the secretary of the corporation, and with the county clerk of the
county in which the principal office is located.

17‑10‑119.  Preparation and disposition of financial statement.

At the time of each dividend or apportionment of profits, and at least
once in every year, the directors shall cause to be prepared a statement
showing the financial condition of the corporation. This statement shall
be in such form as shall fully exhibit the assets and liabilities of the
corporation; its earnings and profits, purchases and sales, expenses and
outlays, for the period covered by such dividend, apportionment of
earnings, or yearly statement, and this statement, shall be in such form
that good understanding of the financial condition of said company may
be obtained from such statement. The directors shall cause one (1) copy
of this statement to be mailed to each member or stockholder of the
corporation and one (1) copy to be kept on file with the secretary where
the same may be examined by any member of the corporation at all
reasonable times.

17‑10‑120.  Repealed by Laws 1992, ch. 53, § 3.

17‑10‑121.  Marketing contracts generally.

(a)  The association and its members may make and execute marketing
contracts, requiring the members to sell, for a period of time, not over
ten (10) years, all or any specified part of their agricultural products
or specified commodities exclusively to or through the association or
any facilities to be created by the association. The contract may
provide that the association may sell or resell the products of its
members, with or without taking title thereto, and pay over to its
members the resale price, after deducting all necessary selling,
overhead, and other costs and expenses, if any; and other proper
reserves; and in interest not exceeding six percent (6%) per annum upon
common stock.

(b)  The bylaws of the marketing contract may fix, as liquidated
damages, specified sums to be paid by the member or stockholder to the
association upon the breach by him of any provision of the marketing
contract regarding the sale or delivery or withholding of products; and
may further provide that the member will pay all costs, premiums for
bonds, expenses or fees in case any action is brought upon the contract
by the association; and any such provision shall be valid and
enforceable in the courts of this state.

(c)  In the event of any such breach or threatened breach of such
marketing contract by a member, the association shall be entitled to an
injunction to prevent the further breach of the contract, and to a
decree of specific performance thereof. Pending the adjudication of such
an action, and upon filing a certified complaint, showing the breach or
threatened breach, and upon filing a sufficient bond, the association
shall be entitled to a temporary restraining order and preliminary
injunction against the member.

17‑10‑122.  Inducing breach of marketing contract or spreading false
reports of finances or management; penalty.

Any person who, or any corporation whose officers or employees knowingly
induces or attempts to induce any member or stockholder of an
association organized hereunder to breach his marketing contract with
the association, or who maliciously and knowingly spreads false reports
about the finances or management thereof, shall be guilty of a
misdemeanor and subject to a fine of not less than one hundred dollars
(\$100.00), and not more than one thousand dollars (\$1,000.00), for
each such offense and shall be liable to the association aggrieved in a
civil suit in the penal sum of five hundred dollars (\$500.00) for each
such offense; provided, that this section shall not apply to a bona fide
creditor of such association, or the agent or attorney of any such bona
fide creditor, endeavoring to make collections of the indebtedness.

17‑10‑123.  Legality of associations.

No association organized hereunder shall be deemed to be a combination
in restraint of trade or an illegal monopoly; or an attempt to lessen
competition or fix prices arbitrarily, nor shall the marketing contracts
or agreements between the association and its members, or any agreements
authorized in this act be considered illegal or in restraint of trade.

17‑10‑124.  Applicability of conflicting laws.

Any provisions of law which are in conflict with this act shall not be
construed as applying to the associations herein provided for.

17‑10‑125.  Applicability of general corporation laws.

The provisions of the general corporation laws of this state, and all
powers and rights thereunder, shall apply to the associations organized
hereunder, except where such provisions are in conflict with or
inconsistent with the express provisions of this act.

17‑10‑126.  Agricultural product marketing contract.

A cooperative organized under the provisions of this article and its
patron members or patrons may make and execute a marketing contract
under W.S. 17‑10‑214.

ARTICLE 2

PROCESSING COOPERATIVE

17‑10‑201.  Title.

This act may be cited as the "Wyoming Processing Cooperative law."

17‑10‑202.  Definitions.

(a)  As used in this article:

(i)  "Address" means mailing address, including a zip code. In the case
of a registered address, the term means the mailing address and the
actual office location, which may not be a post office box;

(ii)  "Articles" means the articles of organization of a cooperative as
originally filed and subsequently amended;

(iii)  "Association" means an organization conducting business on a
cooperative plan under the laws of this state or another state that is
chartered to conduct business under other laws of this state or another
state;

(iv)  "Board" means the board of directors of a cooperative;

(v)  "Business entity" means a company, limited liability company,
limited liability partnership or other legal entity, whether domestic or
foreign, association or body vested with the power or function of a
legal entity;

(vi)  "Cooperative" means an association organized under this article
conducting business on a cooperative plan as provided under this
article;

(vii)  "Domestic business entity" means a business entity organized
under the laws of this state;

(viii)  "Filed with the secretary of state" means that a document
meeting the applicable requirements of this article, signed and
accompanied by the required filing fee, has been delivered to the
secretary of state of this state. The secretary of state shall endorse
on the document the word "Filed" or a similar word determined by the
secretary of state and the month, day, and year of filing, record the
document in the office of the secretary of state, and return a document
to the person or entity who delivered it for filing;

(ix)  "Foreign business entity" means a business entity that is not a
domestic business entity;

(x)  "Member" means a person or entity reflected on the books of the
cooperative as the owner of governance rights of a membership interest
of the cooperative and includes patron and nonpatron members;

(xi)  "Membership interest" means a member's interest in a cooperative
consisting of a member's financial rights, a member's right to assign
financial rights, a member's governance rights and a member's right to
assign governance rights. Membership interest includes patron membership
interests and nonpatron membership interests;

(xii)  "Members' meeting" means a regular or special members' meeting;

(xiii)  "Nonpatron membership interest" means a membership interest that
does not require the holder to conduct patronage business for or with
the cooperative to receive financial rights or distributions;

(xiv)  "Patron" means a person or entity who conducts patronage business
with the cooperative;

(xv)  "Patronage" means business, transactions, or services done for or
with the cooperative as defined by the cooperative;

(xvi)  "Patron member" means a member holding a patron membership
interest;

(xvii)  "Patron membership interest" means the membership interest
requiring the holder to conduct patronage business for or with the
cooperative, as specified by the cooperative to receive financial rights
or distributions;

(xviii)  "Signed" means that the signature of a person has been written
on a document, and, with respect to a document required by this article
to be filed with the secretary of state, means that the document has
been signed by a person authorized to do so by this article, the
articles or bylaws, or by a resolution approved by the directors or the
members. A signature on a document may be a facsimile affixed, engraved,
printed, placed, stamped with indelible ink, transmitted by facsimile or
electronically or in any other manner reproduced on the document;

(xix)  "The act" means W.S. 17‑10‑201 through 17‑10‑253.

17‑10‑203.  Filing fee; rules and regulations; annual reports and
license taxes.

(a)  Unless otherwise provided, the filing fee for documents filed under
this article with the secretary of state shall be subject to the
provisions of W.S. 17‑16‑122. The secretary of state shall promulgate
rules and regulations necessary to implement the provisions of this
article.

(b)  The provisions of W.S. 17‑16‑1630 regarding the filing of reports,
license taxes and records shall apply to cooperatives formed under this
article.

17‑10‑204.  Registered agent; change of registered office or registered
agent.

(a)  Each cooperative shall have and continuously maintain in this
state:

(i)  A registered office as provided in W.S. 17‑28‑101 through
17‑28‑111;

(ii)  A registered agent as provided in W.S. 17‑28‑101 through
17‑28‑111.

(b)  Repealed by Laws 2008, Ch. 90, § 3.

(c)  Repealed by Laws 2008, Ch. 90, § 3.

(d)  Repealed by Laws 2008, Ch. 90, § 3

(e)  If any cooperative has failed for thirty (30) days to appoint and
maintain a registered agent in this state, or has failed for thirty (30)
days after change of its registered office or registered agent to file
in the office of the secretary of state a statement of the change it
shall be deemed to be transacting business within this state without
authority and to have forfeited any franchises, rights or privileges
acquired under the laws thereof and the forfeiture shall be made
effective in the following manner. The secretary of state shall mail by
first class mail, or by electronic means if the cooperative has
consented to receive notices electronically, a notice of its failure to
comply with aforesaid provisions. Unless compliance is made within
thirty (30) days of mailing or electronic submission of the notice, the
cooperative shall be deemed defunct and to have forfeited its
certificate of organization acquired under the laws of this state.
Provided, that any defunct cooperative may at any time within two (2)
years after the forfeiture of its certificate, in the manner herein
provided, be revived and reinstated, by filing the necessary statement
under this act and paying a reinstatement fee established by the
secretary of state by rule, together with a penalty of one hundred
dollars (\$100.00). The reinstatement fee shall not exceed the costs of
providing the reinstatement service. The cooperative shall retain its
registered name during the two (2) year reinstatement period under this
section.

(f)  The provisions of W.S. 17‑28‑101 through 17‑28‑111 shall apply to
all cooperatives.

17‑10‑205.  Organizational purpose.

A cooperative may be formed and organized on a cooperative plan as
provided under this article to market, process, or otherwise change the
form or marketability of crops, livestock and other agricultural
products, including manufacturing and further processing of those
products and other purposes that are necessary or convenient to
facilitate the production or marketing of agricultural products by
patron members and other purposes that are related to the business of
the cooperative.

17‑10‑206.  Organizers.

A cooperative may be organized by one (1) or more organizers who shall
be adult natural persons, who may act for themselves as individuals or
as the agents of other entities. The organizers forming the cooperative
need not be members of the cooperative.

17‑10‑207.  Cooperative name.

(a)  The name of a cooperative shall distinguish the cooperative upon
the records in the office of the secretary of state from the name of a
domestic business entity or a foreign business entity, authorized or
registered to do business in this state or a name the right to which is,
at the time of organization, reserved or provided for by law.

(b)  The cooperative name shall be reserved for the cooperative during
its existence.

17‑10‑208.  Articles of organization.

(a)  The organizers shall prepare the articles, which shall include:

(i)  The name of the cooperative;

(ii)  The purpose of the cooperative;

(iii)  The principal place of business for the cooperative and the name
and address of its registered agent in this state;

(iv)  The period of duration for the cooperative, if the duration is not
to be perpetual;

(v)  The capital structure of the cooperative including a statement of
the classes and relative rights, preferences, and restrictions granted
to or imposed upon each class of member interests, the rights to share
in profits or distributions of the cooperative, and the authority to
issue member interests, which may be designated to be determined by the
board;

(vi)  A provision designating the voting and governance rights,
including which membership interests have voting power and any
limitations or restrictions on the voting power, which shall be in
accordance with the provisions of this article;

(vii)  A statement that patron membership interests with voting power
shall be restricted to one (1) vote for each member regardless of the
amount of patron membership interests held in the affairs of the
cooperative or a statement describing the allocation of voting power
allocated as prescribed in this article;

(viii)  A statement that membership interests held by a member are
transferable only with the approval of the board or as provided in the
bylaws;

(ix)  The names, post office addresses, and terms of office of the
directors of the first board;

(x)  A statement as to how profits and losses will be allocated and cash
will be distributed between patron membership interests collectively and
nonpatron membership interests collectively, a statement that net income
allocated to a patron membership interests as determined by the board in
excess of dividends and additions to reserves shall be distributed on
the basis of patronage, and that the records of the cooperative shall
include the interests of patron membership interests and nonpatron
membership interests which may be further described in the bylaws, of
any classes, and in the reserves; and

(xi)  The registered address of the cooperative.

(b)  The articles shall contain the provisions in subsection (a) of this
section, except that the names, post office addresses of the directors
of the first board may be omitted after their successors have been
elected by the members or the articles are amended in their entirety.

(c)  The articles may contain any other lawful provision.

(d)  The articles shall be signed by the organizers.

(e)  The original articles shall be filed with the secretary of state.
The fee for filing the articles with the secretary of state shall be
subject to the provisions of W.S. 17‑16‑122.

(f)  When the articles of organization have been filed with the
secretary of state and the required fee has been paid to the secretary
of state, it shall be presumed that:

(i)  All conditions precedent that are required to be performed by the
organizers have been complied with;

(ii)  The organization of the cooperative has been chartered by the
state as a separate legal entity; and

(iii)  The secretary of state shall issue a certificate of organization
to the cooperative.

17‑10‑209.  Amendment of articles.

(a)  The articles of a cooperative shall be amended as follows:

(i)  The board by majority vote shall pass a resolution stating the text
of the proposed amendment. The text of the proposed amendment and an
attached mail ballot, if the board has provided for a mail ballot in the
resolution or alternative method approved by the board and stated in the
resolution, shall be mailed or distributed with a regular or special
meeting notice to each member. The notice shall designate the time and
place of the meeting for the proposed amendment to be considered and
voted on;

(ii)  If a quorum of the members is registered as being present or
represented by alternative vote at the meeting, the proposed amendment
is adopted:

(A)  If approved by a majority of the votes cast; or

(B)  For a cooperative with articles or bylaws requiring more than
majority approval or other conditions for approval, the amendment is
approved by a proportion of the votes cast or a number of total members
as required by the articles or bylaws and the conditions for approval in
the articles or bylaws have been satisfied.

(b)  After an amendment has been adopted by the members, the amendment
shall be signed by the chair, vice-chair, records officer, or assistant
records officer and a copy of the amendment filed in the office of the
secretary of state.

(c)  A certificate shall be prepared stating:

(i)  The vote and meeting of the board adopting a resolution of the
proposed amendment;

(ii)  The notice given to members of the meeting at which the amendment
was adopted;

(iii)  The quorum registered at the meeting; and

(iv)  The vote cast adopting the amendment.

(d)  The certificate shall be signed by the chair, vice-chair, records
officer or financial officer and filed with the records of the
cooperative.

(e)  A majority of directors may amend the articles if the cooperative
does not have any members with voting rights.

17‑10‑210.  Amendment of organizational documents to be governed by this
article.

(a)  A business entity organized and doing business under other statutes
of this state or under the laws of other states that has or will conduct
business as a cooperative may become subject to this article by amending
its organizational documents to conform to the requirements of articles
of organization under this article.

(b)  A business entity organized under other statutes of this state may
amend its articles in the manner provided under the statute that it is
governed by for the adoption of amendments to comply with the provisions
of this article and file the amended articles with the secretary of
state to be a cooperative governed under this article. The status of the
business entity under the other statutes terminates with the filing of
articles to be governed under this article.

(c)  A business entity organized under laws of other states shall amend
its organizational documents in the manner required by the laws of the
state where it was organized to comply with the provisions of this
article. After the organizational documents are amended, the business
entity shall file a certified copy of the organizational documents as
amended with the secretary of state to comply with the provisions of
this article with the fees and requirements prescribed for filing
articles. After filing, the business entity is a cooperative in this
state organized under and subject to the provisions of this article.

17‑10‑211.  Existence.

(a)  The existence of a cooperative shall begin when the articles are
filed with the secretary of state.

(b)  A cooperative shall have a perpetual duration unless the
cooperative provides for a limited period of duration in the articles of
organization.

17‑10‑212.  Bylaws.

(a)  A cooperative shall have bylaws governing the cooperative's
business affairs, structure, the qualifications, classification, rights
and obligations of members, and the classifications, allocations and
distributions of membership interests.

(b)  The bylaws of a cooperative may be adopted or amended by the
directors as provided in subsection (c) of this section, or at a regular
or special members' meeting if:

(i)  The notice of the meeting contains a statement that the bylaws or
restated bylaws will be voted upon and copies are included with the
notice, or copies are available upon request from the cooperative and
summary statement of the proposed bylaws or amendment is included with
the notice;

(ii)  A quorum is registered as being present or represented by mail or
alternative voting method if the mail or alternative voting method is
authorized by the board; and

(iii)  The bylaws or amendment is approved by a majority vote cast, or
for a cooperative with articles or bylaws requiring more than majority
approval or other conditions for approval, the bylaws or amendment is
approved by a proportion of the vote cast or a number of the total
members as required by the articles or bylaws and the conditions for
approval in the articles or bylaws have been satisfied.

(c)  Until the next annual or special members' meeting, the majority of
directors may adopt and amend bylaws for the cooperative that are
consistent with subsection (d) of this section which may be further
amended or repealed by the members at an annual or special members'
meeting.

(d)  Bylaws may contain any provision relating to the management or
regulation of the affairs of the cooperative that are not inconsistent
with law or the articles, and shall include the following:

(i)  The number of directors, and the qualifications, manner of
election, powers, duties, and compensation, if any, of directors;

(ii)  The qualifications of members and any limitations on their number;

(iii)  The manner of admission, withdrawal, suspensions, and expulsion
of members;

(iv)  Generally the governance rights, financial rights, assignability
of governance and financial rights, and other rights, privileges and
obligations of members and their membership interests, which may be
further described in member control agreements.

17‑10‑213.  Powers.

(a)  In addition to other powers, a cooperative as an agent or
otherwise:

(i)  May perform every act and thing necessary or proper to the conduct
of the cooperative's business or the accomplishment of the purposes of
the cooperative;

(ii)  Has other rights, powers, or privileges granted by the laws of
this state to other cooperatives, except those that are inconsistent
with the express provisions of this article; and

(iii)  Has the powers given in this section.

(b)  A cooperative may buy, sell, or deal in its own products, the
products of the cooperative's individual members, patrons or nonmembers,
the products of another cooperative association, or of its members or
patrons, or the products of another person or entity. A cooperative may
negotiate the price at which the products the cooperative is selling may
be sold.

(c)  A cooperative may enter into or become a party to a contract or
agreement for the cooperative or for the cooperative's individual
members or patrons or between the cooperative and its members.

(d)  A cooperative may purchase and hold, lease, mortgage, encumber,
sell, exchange and convey as a legal entity real estate, buildings and
personal property as the business of the cooperative may require
including the sale or other disposition of assets required by the
business of the cooperative as determined by the board.

(e)  A cooperative may erect buildings or other structures or facilities
on the cooperative's owned or leased property or on a right‑of‑way
legally acquired by the cooperative.

(f)  A cooperative may issue bonds or other evidence of indebtedness and
may borrow money to finance the business of the cooperative.

(g)  A cooperative may make advances to the cooperative's members or
patrons on products delivered by the members or patrons to the
cooperative.

(h)  A cooperative may accept deposits of money from other cooperatives,
associations or members from which it is constituted.

(j)  A cooperative may loan or borrow money to or from individual
members, cooperatives or associations from which it is constituted with
security that it considers sufficient in dealing with the members,
cooperatives, or associations.

(k)  A cooperative may purchase, acquire, hold, or dispose of the
ownership interests of another business entity whether organized under
the laws of this state or another state and assume all rights,
interests, privileges, responsibilities and obligations arising out of
the ownership interests.

(m)  A cooperative may acquire and hold ownership interests in another
business entity organized under the laws of this state or another state
of the United States, including a business entity organized:

(i)  As a federation of associations;

(ii)  For the purpose of forming a district, state, or national
marketing, sales or service agency; or

(iii)  For the purpose of acquiring marketing facilities at terminal or
other markets in this state or other states.

(n)  A cooperative may purchase, own, and hold ownership interests,
memberships, interests in nonstock capital, evidences of indebtedness of
any domestic business entity or foreign business entity when reasonably
necessary or incidental to accomplish the purposes stated in the
articles.

(o)  A cooperative may exercise any and all fiduciary powers in
relations with members, cooperatives, associations or business entities
from which it is constituted.

(p)  A cooperative may take, receive, and hold real and personal
property, including the principal and interest of money or other funds
and rights in a contract, in trust for any purpose not inconsistent with
the purposes of the cooperative in its articles and may exercise
fiduciary powers in relation to taking, receiving, and holding the real
and personal property.

17‑10‑214.  Agricultural product marketing contracts.

(a)  A cooperative and its patron member or patron may make and execute
a marketing contract, requiring the patron member or patron to sell a
specified portion of his agricultural product or specified commodity
produced from a certain area exclusively to or through the cooperative
or facility established by the cooperative.

(b)  If a sale is contracted to the cooperative, the sale shall transfer
title to the product absolutely, except for a recorded lien or security
interest, to the cooperative on delivery of the product or at another
specified time if expressly provided in the contract. The contract may
allow the cooperative to sell or resell the product of its patron member
or patron with or without taking title to the product, and pay the
resale price to the patron member or patron, after deducting all
necessary selling, overhead and other costs and expenses, including
other proper reserves and interest.

(c)  A single term of a marketing contract shall not exceed ten (10)
years, but a marketing contract may be made self‑renewing for periods
not exceeding five (5) years each, subject to the right of either party
to terminate by giving written notice of the termination during a period
of the current term as specified in the contract.

(d)  The bylaws or the marketing contract, or both, may set a specific
sum as liquidated damages to be paid by the patron member or patron to
the cooperative for breach of any provision of the marketing contract
regarding the sale or delivery or withholding of a product and may
provide that the member or patron shall pay the costs, premiums for
bonds, expenses and fees if an action is brought on the contract by the
cooperative. The remedies for breach of contract are valid and
enforceable in the courts of this state. The provisions shall be
enforced as liquidated damages and are not to be considered or regarded
as a penalty.

(e)  If there is a breach or threatened breach of a marketing contract
by a patron member or patron, the cooperative is entitled to an
injunction to prevent the further breach of the contract and to a decree
of specific performance of the contract. Pending the adjudication of the
action after filing a certified complaint showing the breach or
threatened breach and filing a sufficient bond, the cooperative is
entitled to a temporary restraining order and preliminary injunction
against the patron member or patron.

(f)  Any person who knowingly induces or attempts to induce any member
or patrons of a cooperative organized under this article to breach his
marketing contract with the cooperative, or who maliciously and
knowingly spreads false reports about the finances or management
thereof, shall be guilty of a misdemeanor and subject to a fine of not
less than one hundred dollars (\$100.00), and not more than one thousand
dollars (\$1,000.00), for each such offense; provided, that this section
shall not apply to a bona fide creditor of such cooperative, or the
agent or attorney of any such bona fide creditor, endeavoring to make
collections of the indebtedness.

(g)  In addition to the penalty provided in subsection (f) of this
section, the person, corporation or other entity may be liable to the
cooperative for civil damages for any violation of the provisions of
subsection (f) of this section. Each violation shall constitute a
separate offense and is subject to the penalties in this subsection and
subsection (f) of this section.

17‑10‑215.  Board governs cooperative.

A cooperative shall be governed by its board.

17‑10‑216.  Number of directors.

The board shall have not less than three (3) directors.

17‑10‑217.  Election of directors.

(a)  Directors shall be elected for the term, at the time, and in the
manner provided in this section and the bylaws. A majority of the
directors shall be members and at least one (1) director shall be
elected exclusively by the members holding patron membership interests.
The voting authority of the directors may be allocated according to
allocation units or equity classifications of the cooperative provided
that at least one‑half (1/2) of the voting power on general matters of
the cooperative shall be allocated to one (1) or more directors elected
by members holding patron membership interests or in the alternative the
one (1) or more directors elected by the members holding patron
membership interests shall have an equal or shall not have a minority
voting power on general matters of the cooperative.

(b)  Directors shall be elected at the regular members' meeting for the
terms of office prescribed in the bylaws. Except for directors elected
at district meetings, all directors shall be elected at the regular
members' meeting.

(c)  For a cooperative with districts or other units, members may elect
directors on a district or unit basis if provided in the bylaws. The
directors may be nominated or elected at district meetings if provided
in the bylaws. Directors who are nominated at district meetings shall be
elected at the annual regular members' meeting by vote of the entire
membership, unless the bylaws provide that directors who are nominated
at district meetings are to be elected by vote of the members of the
district at the annual regular members' meeting.

(d)  The following shall apply to alternative voting:

(i)  A member may not vote other than by their presence at a meeting for
a director unless alternative voting is authorized for election of
directors by the articles or bylaws;

(ii)  The ballot shall be in a form prescribed by the board;

(iii)  The member shall mark the ballot for the candidate chosen and
mail the ballot to the cooperative in a sealed plain envelope inside
another envelope bearing the member's name, or shall vote in the
alternative manner prescribed by the board;

(iv)  If the ballot of the member is received by the cooperative on or
before the date of the regular members' meeting, the ballot shall be
accepted and counted as the vote of the absent member.

(e)  If a member of a cooperative is not a natural person, and the
bylaws do not provide otherwise, the member may appoint or elect one (1)
or more natural persons to be eligible for election as a director to the
board.

17‑10‑218.  Filling vacancies.

If a patron member director's position becomes vacant for a director
that was elected by patron members, the board shall appoint a patron
member of the cooperative to fill the director's position until the next
regular or special members' meeting. If the vacating director was not a
patron member, the board shall appoint a patron member to fill the
vacant position. At the next regular or special members' meeting, the
members or patron members shall elect a director to fill the unexpired
term of the vacant director's position.

17‑10‑219.  Removal of directors.

The members electing a director may remove the director at a members'
meeting for cause related to the duties of the position of director and
fill the vacancy caused by the removal.

17‑10‑220.  Limitation of director's liability.

(a)  A director's personal liability to the cooperative or members for
monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director may be
eliminated or limited in the articles except as provided in subsection
(b) of this section.

(b)  The articles may not eliminate or limit the liability of a
director:

(i)  For a breach of the director's duty of loyalty to the cooperative
or its members;

(ii)  For acts or omissions that are not in good faith or involve
intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law;

(iii)  For a transaction from which the director derived an improper
personal benefit; or

(iv)  For an act or omission occurring before the date when the
provision in the articles eliminating or limiting liability becomes
effective.

17‑10‑221.  Officers.

(a)  The board shall elect:

(i)  A chair; and

(ii)  One (1) or more vice-chairs.

(b)  The board shall elect or appoint:

(i)  A records officer; and

(ii)  A financial officer.

(c)  The board may elect additional officers as the articles or bylaws
authorize or require.

(d)  The offices of records officer and financial officer may be
combined.

(e)  The chair and first vice‑chair shall be directors and members. The
financial officer, records officer, and additional officers need not be
directors or members.

(f)  The board may employ a chief executive officer to manage the
day‑to‑day affairs and business of the cooperative.

(g)  Other than the chief executive officer, members may remove an
officer at a members' meeting for cause related to the duties of the
position of the officer and fill the vacancy caused by the removal.

17‑10‑222.  Membership interests.

(a)  The authorized amount and divisions of patron membership interests
and nonpatron membership interests may be increased or decreased or
established or altered, in accordance with the restrictions in this
article by amending the articles at a regular members' meeting or at a
special members' meeting called for the purpose of the amendment.

(b)  Authorized membership interests may be issued on terms and
conditions prescribed in the articles, bylaws, or as determined by the
board. The cooperative shall disclose to any person or entity acquiring
membership interests to be issued by the cooperative, the organization,
capital structure and business prospects and risks of the cooperative,
the nature of the governance and financial rights of the membership
interest being acquired and of other classes of membership and
membership interests. The cooperative shall notify all members of the
membership interests being offered by the cooperative. A membership
interest may not be issued until the subscription price of the
membership interest has been paid for in cash or a cash equivalent or
property with the agreed upon value of the property to be contributed.

(c)  The patron membership interests collectively shall have not less
than fifteen percent (15%) of the cooperative's financial rights to
profit allocations and distributions.

(d)  After issuance by the cooperative, membership interests in a
cooperative may only be sold or transferred with the approval of the
board.

(e)  The cooperative may solicit and issue nonpatron membership
interests on terms and conditions determined by the board and disclosed
in the articles, bylaws or by separate disclosure to the members. Each
member acquiring nonpatron membership interests shall sign a member
control agreement which shall describe the rights and obligations of the
member as it relates to the nonpatron membership interests, the
financial and governance rights, the transferability of the nonpatron
membership interests, the division and allocations of profits and losses
among the membership interests and membership classes, and financial
rights upon liquidation. If the bylaws do not otherwise provide for the
allocation of the profits and losses between patron membership interests
and nonpatron membership interests, then the allocation of profits and
losses among nonpatron membership interests individually and patron
membership interests collectively shall be allocated on the basis of the
value of contributions to capital made according to the patron
membership interests collectively and the nonpatron membership interests
individually to the extent the contributions have been accepted by the
cooperative. Distributions of cash or other assets of the cooperative
shall be allocated among the membership interests as provided in the
articles and bylaws, subject to the provisions of this article. If not
otherwise provided, distributions shall be made on the basis of value of
the capital contributions of the patron membership interests
collectively and the nonpatron membership interests to the extent the
contributions have been accepted by the cooperative.

(f)  The bylaws may provide that the cooperative or the patron members,
individually or collectively, have the first privilege of purchasing the
membership interests of any class of patron member's membership
interests offered for sale. The first privilege to purchase patron
membership interests may be satisfied by notice to other patron members
that the patron membership interests are for sale and a procedure by
which patron members may proceed to attempt to purchase and acquire the
patron membership interests. A patron membership interest acquired by
the cooperative may be held to be reissued or may be retired and
cancelled.

(g)  Subject to the provisions in the bylaws, a member may dissent from
and obtain payment for the fair value of the member's nonpatron
membership interests in the cooperative if the articles or bylaws are
amended in a manner that materially and adversely affects the rights and
preferences of the nonpatron membership interests of the dissenting
member. The dissenting member shall file a notice of intent to demand
fair value of the membership interest with the records officer of the
cooperative within thirty (30) days after the amendment of the bylaws
and notice of the amendment to members, otherwise the right of the
dissenting member to demand payment of fair value for the membership
interest is deemed to be waived. If a proposed amendment of the articles
or bylaws shall be approved by the members, a member who is entitled to
dissent and who wishes to exercise dissenter's rights shall file a
notice to demand fair value of the membership interest with the records
officer of the cooperative before the vote on the proposed action and
shall not vote in favor of the proposed action, otherwise the right to
demand fair value for the membership interest by the dissenting member
is deemed waived. After receipt of the dissenting member's demand notice
and approval of the amendment, the cooperative has sixty (60) days to
rescind the amendment or otherwise the cooperative shall remit the fair
value for the one (1) member's interest to the dissenting member by one
hundred eighty (180) days after receipt of the notice. Upon receipt of
the fair value for the membership interest, the member has no further
member rights in the cooperative.

17‑10‑223.  Grouping of members.

(a)  A cooperative may group members and patron members in districts,
units or another basis if and as authorized in its articles and bylaws
which may include authorization for the board to determine the
groupings.

(b)  The board may do things necessary to implement the use of districts
or units including setting the time and place and prescribing the rules
of conduct for holding meetings by districts or units to elect delegates
to members' meetings.

17‑10‑224.  Member violations; liability for cooperative debts.

(a)  A member who knowingly, intentionally, or repeatedly violates a
provision of the articles, bylaws, member control agreement or marketing
contract with the cooperative, may be required by the board to surrender
the financial rights of membership interest of any class owned by the
member.

(b)  The cooperative shall refund to the member for the surrendered
financial rights of membership interest the lesser of the book value or
market value of the financial right of the membership interest payable
in not more than seven (7) years from the date of surrender or the board
may transfer all of any patron member's financial rights to a class of
financial rights held by members who are not patron members, or to a
certificate of interest which carries liquidation rights on par with
membership interests and is redeemed within seven (7) years after the
transfer as provided in the certificate.

(c)  Membership interests required to be surrendered may be reissued or
be retired and cancelled by the board.

(d)  A member who knowingly, intentionally or repeatedly violates a
provision of the articles, bylaws, member control agreement, or a
marketing contract, may be required by the board to surrender voting
power in the cooperative.

(e)  A member is not, merely on the account of that status, personally
liable for the acts, debts, liabilities, or obligations of a
cooperative. A member is liable for any unpaid subscription for the
membership interest, unpaid membership fees, or a debt for which the
member has separately contracted with the cooperative.

17‑10‑225.  Regular members' meetings.

(a)  Regular members' meetings shall be held annually at a time
determined by the board, unless otherwise provided for in the bylaws.

(b)  The regular members' meeting shall be held at the principal place
of business of the cooperative or at another conveniently located place
as determined by the bylaws or the board.

(c)  The officers shall submit reports to the members at the regular
members' meeting covering the business of the cooperative for the
previous fiscal year that show the condition of the cooperative at the
close of the fiscal year.

(d)  All directors shall be elected at the regular members' meeting for
the terms of office prescribed in the bylaws, except for directors
elected at district or unit meetings.

(e)  The cooperative shall give notice of regular members' meetings by
mailing the regular members' meeting notice to each member at the
member's last known post office address or by other notification
approved by the board and agreed to by the members. The regular members'
meeting notice shall be published or otherwise given by approved method
at least two (2) weeks before the date of the meeting or mailed at least
fifteen (15) days before the date of the meeting.

17‑10‑226.  Special members' meetings.

(a)  Special members' meetings of the members may be called by:

(i)  A majority vote of the board; or

(ii)  The written petition of at least twenty percent (20%) of the
patron members, twenty percent (20%) of the nonpatron members or twenty
percent (20%) of all members collectively are submitted to the chair.

(b)  The cooperative shall give notice of a special members' meeting by
mailing the special members' meeting notice to each member personally at
the person's last known post office address or an alternative method
approved by the board and the member individually or the members
generally. For a member that is an entity, notice mailed or delivered by
an alternative method shall be to an officer of the entity. The special
members' meeting notice shall state the time, place, and purpose of the
special members' meeting. The special members' meeting notice shall be
issued within ten (10) days from and after the date of the presentation
of a members' petition, and the special members' meeting shall be held
within thirty (30) days after the date of the presentation of the
members' petition.

17‑10‑227.  Certification of meeting notice.

(a)  After mailing special or regular members' meeting notices or
otherwise delivering the notices, the cooperative shall execute a
certificate containing the date of mailing or delivery of the notice and
a statement that the special or regular members' meeting notices were
mailed or delivered as prescribed by law.

(b)  The certificate shall be made a part of the record of the meeting.

17‑10‑228.  Failure to receive meeting notice.

Failure of a member to receive a special or regular members' meeting
notice does not invalidate an action that is taken by the members at a
members' meeting.

17‑10‑229.  Quorum.

(a)  The quorum for a members' meeting to transact business shall be:

(i)  Ten percent (10%) of the total number of members for a cooperative
with five hundred (500) or less members; or

(ii)  Fifty (50) members for cooperatives with more than five hundred
(500) members.

(b)  In determining a quorum at a meeting, on a question submitted to a
vote by mail or an alternative method, members present in person or
represented by mail vote or the alternative voting method shall be
counted. The attendance of a sufficient number of members to constitute
a quorum shall be established by a registration of the members of the
cooperative present at the meeting. The registration shall be verified
by the chair or the records officer of the cooperative and shall be
reported in the minutes of the meeting.

(c)  An action by a cooperative is not valid or legal in the absence of
a quorum at the meeting at which the action was taken.

17‑10‑230.  Member voting rights.

(a)  A patron member of a cooperative is only entitled to one (1) vote
on an issue to be voted upon by members holding patron membership
interests, except that a patron member of a cooperative described in
W.S. 17‑10‑231 may be entitled to more than one (1) vote as provided in
that section. On any matter of the cooperative, the entire patron
members voting power shall be voted collectively based upon the vote of
the majority of patron members voting on the issue. A nonpatron member
has the voting rights in accordance to his nonpatron membership
interests as granted in the bylaws, subject to the provisions of this
article.

(b)  A member or delegate may exercise voting rights on any matter that
is before the members as prescribed in the articles or bylaws at a
members' meeting from the time the member or delegate arrives at the
members' meeting, unless the articles or bylaws specify an earlier and
specific time for closing the right to vote.

(c)  A member's vote at a members' meeting shall be in person or by mail
if a mail vote is authorized by the board or by alternative method if
authorized by the board, and not by proxy except as provided in
subsection (d) of this section.

(d)  The following shall apply to members represented by delegates:

(i)  A cooperative may provide in the articles or bylaws that units or
districts of members are entitled to be represented at members' meetings
by delegates chosen by the members of the unit or district. The
delegates may vote on matters at the members' meeting in the same manner
as a member. The delegates may only exercise the voting rights on a
basis and with the number of votes as prescribed in the articles or
bylaws;

(ii)  If the approval of a certain portion of the members is required
for adoption of amendments, a dissolution, a merger, a consolidation, or
a sale of assets, the votes of delegates shall be counted as votes by
the members represented by the delegate;

(iii)  Patron members may be represented by the proxy of other patron
members;

(iv)  Nonpatron members may be represented by proxy if authorized in the
bylaws.

(e)  The following shall apply to absentee ballots:

(i)  A member who is or will be absent from a members' meeting may vote
by mail or by an approved alternative method on the ballot prescribed in
this subsection on any motion, resolution or amendment that the board
submits for vote by mail or alternative method to the members;

(ii)  The ballot shall be in the form prescribed by the board and
contain:

(A)  The exact text of the proposed motion, resolution or amendment to
be acted on at the meeting; and

(B)  The text of the motion, resolution or amendment for which the
member may indicate an affirmative or negative vote.

(iii)  The member shall express a choice by marking an appropriate
choice on the ballot and mail, deliver or otherwise submit the ballot to
the cooperative in a plain, sealed envelope inside another envelope
bearing the member's name or by an alternative method approved by the
board;

(iv)  A properly executed ballot shall be accepted by the board and
counted as the vote of the absent member at the meeting.

17‑10‑231.  Patron member voting in cooperatives constituted entirely or
partially of other cooperatives or associations.

(a)  A cooperative that is constituted entirely or partially of other
cooperatives or associations may authorize by the articles or the bylaws
for affiliated cooperative patron members to have an additional vote
for:

(i)  A stipulated amount of business transacted between the patron
member cooperative and the central cooperative organization;

(ii)  A stipulated number of patron members in the member cooperative;

(iii)  A certain stipulated amount of equity allocated to or held by the
patron member cooperative in the cooperative central organization; or

(iv)  A combination of methods in paragraphs (i) through (iii) of this
subsection.

(b)  A cooperative that is organized into units or districts of patron
members, may, by the articles or the bylaws, authorize the delegates
elected by its patron members or, have an additional vote for:

(i)  A stipulated amount of business transacted between the patron
members in the units or districts and the cooperative;

(ii)  A certain stipulated amount of equity allocated to or held by the
patron members of the units or districts of the cooperative; or

(iii)  A combination of methods in paragraphs (i) and (ii) of this
subsection.

17‑10‑232.  Vote of ownership interests held by cooperative.

A cooperative that holds ownership interests of another business entity
may, by direction of the cooperative's board, elect or appoint a person
to represent the cooperative at a meeting of the business entity. The
representative has authority to represent the cooperative and may cast
the cooperative's vote at the business entity's meeting.

17‑10‑233.  Allocations and distributions to members.

(a)  The bylaws shall prescribe the allocation of profits and losses
between patron membership interests collectively and other membership
interests. If the bylaws do not otherwise provide, the profits and
losses between patron membership interests collectively and other
membership interests shall be allocated on the basis of the value of
contributions to capital made by the patron membership interests
collectively and other membership interests and accepted by the
cooperative. The allocation of profits to the patron membership
interests collectively shall not be less than fifteen percent (15%) of
the total profits in any fiscal year.

(b)  The bylaws shall prescribe the distribution of cash or other assets
of the cooperative among the membership interests of the cooperative. If
not otherwise provided in the bylaws, distribution shall be made to the
patron membership interests collectively and other members on the basis
of the value of contributions to capital made and accepted by the
cooperative by the patron membership interests collectively and other
membership interests. The distributions to patron membership interests
collectively shall not be less than fifteen percent (15%) of the total
distributions in any fiscal year.

17‑10‑234.  Allocations and distributions to patron members.

(a)  A cooperative may set aside a portion of net income allocated to
the patron membership interests as the board determines advisable to
create or maintain a capital reserve.

(b)  In addition to a capital reserve, the board may, for patron
membership interests:

(i)  Set aside an amount not to exceed five percent (5%) of the annual
net income of the cooperative for promoting and encouraging cooperative
organization; and

(ii)  Establish and accumulate reserves for new buildings, machinery and
equipment, depreciation, losses, and other proper purposes.

(c)  Net income allocated to patron members in excess of dividends on
equity and additions to reserves shall be distributed to patron members
on the basis of patronage. A cooperative may establish allocation units,
whether the units are functional, divisional, departmental, geographic,
or otherwise and pooling arrangements and may account for and distribute
net income to patrons on the basis of allocation units and pooling
arrangements. A cooperative may offset the net loss of an allocation
unit or pooling arrangement against the net income of other allocation
units or pooling arrangements.

(d)  Distribution of net income shall be made at least annually. The
board shall present to the members at their annual meeting a report
covering the operations of the cooperative during the preceding fiscal
year.

(e)  A cooperative may distribute net income to patron members in cash,
capital credits, allocated patronage equities, revolving fund
certificates, or its own or other securities.

(f)  The cooperative may provide in the bylaws that nonmember patrons
are allowed to participate in the distribution of net income payable to
patron members on equal terms with patron members.

(g)  If a nonmember patron with patronage credits is not qualified or
eligible for membership, a refund due may be credited to the patron's
individual account. The board may issue a certificate of interest to
reflect the credited amount. After the patron is issued a certificate of
interest, the patron may participate in the distribution of income on
the same basis as a patron member.

17‑10‑235.  Distribution of unclaimed property.

(a)  A cooperative may, in lieu of paying or delivering to the state the
unclaimed property specified in its report of unclaimed property,
distribute the unclaimed property to a corporation or organization that
is exempt from taxation. A cooperative making the election to distribute
unclaimed property shall file with the secretary of state:

(i)  A verified written explanation of the proof of claim of an owner
establishing a right to receive the abandoned property;

(ii)  Any error in the presumption of abandonment;

(iii)  The name, address, and exemption number of the corporation or
organization to which the property was or is to be distributed; and

(iv)  The approximate date of distribution.

(b)  This subsection does not alter the procedure provided by law for
cooperatives to report unclaimed property to the state and the
requirement that claims of owners are made to the cooperatives for a
period following the publication of lists of abandoned property.

(c)  The right of an owner to unclaimed property held by a cooperative
is extinguished when the property is disbursed by the cooperative to a
tax exempt organization in accordance with this section.

17‑10‑236.  Merger and consolidation.

(a)  Unless otherwise prohibited, cooperatives organized under the laws
of this state may merge or consolidate with each other or other business
entities organized under the laws of this state or another state by
complying with the provisions of this section or the law of the state
where the surviving or new business entity will exist.

(b)  To initiate a merger or consolidation of a cooperative, a written
plan of merger or consolidation shall be prepared by the board or by a
committee selected by the board to prepare a plan. The plan shall state:

(i)  The names of the constituent cooperatives and other business
entities;

(ii)  The name of the surviving or new cooperative or other business
entity;

(iii)  The manner and basis of converting membership or ownership
interests of the constituent cooperatives or business entities into
membership or ownership interests in the surviving or new cooperative or
business entity;

(iv)  The terms of the merger or consolidation;

(v)  The proposed effect of the consolidation or merger on the members
and patron members of the cooperative; and

(vi)  For a consolidation, the plan shall contain the articles of the
entity or organizational documents to be filed with the state in which
the entity is organized.

(c)  The following shall apply to notice:

(i)  The board shall mail a merger or consolidation or otherwise
transmit or deliver notice to each member. The notice shall contain:

(A)  The full text of the plan; and

(B)  The time and place of the meeting at which the plan will be
considered.

(ii)  A cooperative with more than two hundred (200) members may provide
the merger or consolidation notice in the same manner as a regular
members' meeting notice.

(d)  The following shall apply to the adoption of a plan or merger or
consolidation:

(i)  A plan of merger or consolidation is adopted if:

(A)  A quorum of the members is registered as being present or
represented by mail vote at the meeting; and

(B)  The plan is approved by two‑thirds (2/3) of the votes cast, or for
a cooperative with articles or bylaws requiring more than two‑thirds
(2/3) of the votes cast or other conditions for approval, the plan is
approved by a proportion of the votes cast or a number of total members
as required by the articles or bylaws and the conditions for approval in
the articles or bylaws have been satisfied.

(ii)  After the plan has been adopted, articles of merger or
consolidation stating the plan and that the plan was adopted according
to this article shall be signed by the chair, vice‑chair, records
officer or documents officer of each cooperative merging or
consolidating;

(iii)  The articles of merger or consolidation shall be filed in the
office of the secretary of state;

(iv)  For a merger, the articles of the surviving cooperative subject to
this article are deemed amended to the extent provided in the articles
of merger;

(v)  Unless a later date is provided in the plan, the merger or
consolidation is effective when the articles of merger or consolidation
are filed in the office of the secretary of state;

(vi)  The secretary of state shall issue a certificate of organization
of the merged or consolidated cooperative.

(e)  The following shall apply to the effect of a merger:

(i)  After the effective date, the cooperatives or other business
entities that are parties to the plan become a single entity. For a
merger, the surviving business entity is the business entity designated
in the plan. For a consolidation, the new cooperative or other business
entity is the business entity provided for in the plan. Except for the
surviving or new business entity, the separate existence of all business
entities that are parties to the plan cease on the effective date of the
merger or consolidation;

(ii)  The surviving or new business entity possesses all of the rights
and property of each of the merged or consolidated business entities and
is responsible for all their obligations. The title to property of the
merged or consolidated business entity is vested in the surviving or new
business entity without reversion or impairment of the title caused by
the merger or consolidation;

(iii)  The right of a creditor may not be impaired by the merger or
consolidation without the creditor's consent.

(f)  The fee to be paid to the secretary of state for filing articles of
merger or consolidation shall conform with the provisions of W.S.
17‑16‑122.

17‑10‑237.  Liquidation.

(a)  A cooperative shall be liquidated as provided in the articles in a
manner consistent with other business entities organized in this state
or if not provided, may be liquidated in the same manner as a limited
liability company organized in this state or the members may authorize a
liquidation by adopting a resolution at a members' meeting. The notice
of the members' meeting shall include a statement that the disposition
of all of the assets of the cooperative will be considered at the
meeting. If a quorum is present in person, by mail ballot, or
alternative method approved by the board at the members' meeting, the
resolution approving of the liquidation is adopted if:

(i)  Approved by two‑thirds (2/3) of the votes cast; or

(ii)  For a cooperative with articles or bylaws requiring more than
two‑thirds (2/3) for approval or other conditions for approval, the
resolution is approved by the proportion of the votes cast or a number
of total members as required by the articles or bylaws and the
conditions for approval in the articles or bylaws have been satisfied.

(b)  The board of directors by resolution may liquidate a cooperative if
the board obtains an opinion of an accountant that the cooperative is
unlikely to continue as a business based on its current finances.

17‑10‑238.  Methods of dissolution.

A cooperative may be dissolved by the members or by order of the court.

17‑10‑239.  Winding up.

(a)  After the notice of intent to dissolve has been filed with the
secretary of state, the board, or the officers acting under the
direction of the board, shall proceed as soon as possible:

(i)  To collect or make provision for the collection of all debts due or
owing to the cooperative, including unpaid subscriptions for shares; and

(ii)  To pay or make provision for the payment of all debts, obligations
and liabilities of the cooperative according to their priorities.

(b)  After the notice of intent to dissolve has been filed with the
secretary of state, the board may sell, lease, transfer or otherwise
dispose of all or substantially all of the property and assets of the
dissolving cooperative without a vote of the members.

(c)  Tangible and intangible property, including money, remaining after
the discharge of the debts, obligations and liabilities of the
cooperative may be distributed to the members and former members as
provided in the bylaws. If previously authorized by the members, the
tangible and intangible property of the cooperative may be liquidated
and disposed of at the discretion of the board.

17‑10‑240.  Revocation of dissolution proceedings.

(a)  Dissolution proceedings may be revoked before the articles of
dissolution are filed with the secretary of state.

(b)  The chair may call a members' meeting to consider the advisability
of revoking the dissolution proceedings. The question of the proposed
revocation shall be submitted to the members at the members' meeting
called to consider the revocation. The dissolution proceedings are
revoked if the proposed revocation is approved at the members' meeting
by a majority of the members of the cooperative or for a cooperative
with articles or bylaws requiring a greater number of members, the
number of members required by the articles or bylaws.

(c)  Revocation of dissolution proceedings is effective when a notice of
revocation is filed with the secretary of state. After the notice is
filed, the cooperative may resume business.

17‑10‑241.  Statute of limitations.

The claim of a creditor or claimant against a dissolving cooperative is
barred if the claim has not been enforced by initiating legal,
administrative or arbitration proceedings concerning the claim by two
(2) years after the date the notice of intent to dissolve is filed with
the secretary of state.

17‑10‑242.  Articles of dissolution.

(a)  Articles of dissolution of a cooperative shall be filed with the
secretary of state after payment of the claims of all known creditors
and claimants has been made or provided for and the remaining property
has been distributed by the board. The articles of dissolution shall
state:

(i)  That all debts, obligations, and liabilities of the cooperative
have been paid or discharged or adequate provisions have been made for
them or time periods allowing claims have run and other claims are not
outstanding;

(ii)  That the remaining property, assets, and claims of the cooperative
have been distributed among the members or pursuant to a liquidation
authorized by the members; and

(iii)  That legal, administrative, or arbitration proceedings by or
against the cooperative are not pending or adequate provision has been
made for the satisfaction of a judgment, order or decree that may be
entered against the cooperative in a pending proceeding.

(b)  The cooperative is dissolved when the articles of dissolution have
been filed with the secretary of state.

(c)  The secretary of state shall issue to the dissolved cooperative or
its legal representative a certificate of dissolution that contains:

(i)  The name of the dissolved cooperative;

(ii)  The date the articles of dissolution were filed with the secretary
of state; and

(iii)  A statement that the cooperative is dissolved.

17‑10‑243.  Application for court‑supervised voluntary dissolution.

After a notice of intent to dissolve has been filed with the secretary
of state and before a certificate of dissolution has been issued, the
cooperative or, for good cause shown, a member or creditor may apply to
a court within the county where the registered address is located to
have the dissolution conducted or continued under the supervision of the
court as provided in W.S. 17‑10‑250.

17‑10‑244.  Court‑ordered remedies or dissolution.

(a)  A court may grant equitable relief that it deems just and
reasonable in the circumstances or may dissolve a cooperative and
liquidate its assets and business in any of the following circumstances:

(i)  In a supervised voluntary dissolution that is applied for by the
cooperative;

(ii)  In an action by a member when it is established that:

(A)  The directors or the persons having the authority otherwise vested
in the board are deadlocked in the management of the cooperative's
affairs and the members are unable to break the deadlock;

(B)  The directors or those in control of the cooperative have acted
fraudulently, illegally or in a manner unfairly prejudicial toward one
(1) or more members in their capacities as members, directors or
officers;

(C)  The members of the cooperative are so divided in voting power that,
for a period that includes the time when two (2) consecutive regular
members' meetings were held, they have failed to elect successors to
directors whose terms have expired or would have expired upon the
election and qualification of their successors;

(D)  The cooperative assets are being misapplied or wasted; or

(E)  The period of duration as provided in the articles has expired and
has not been extended as provided in this article.

(iii)  In an action by a creditor when:

(A)  The claim of the creditor against the cooperative has been reduced
to judgment and an execution on the judgment has been returned
unsatisfied; or

(B)  The cooperative has admitted in writing that the claim of the
creditor against the cooperative is due and owing and it is established
that the cooperative is unable to pay its debts in the ordinary course
of business.

(iv)  In an action by the attorney general to dissolve the cooperative
in accordance with this article when it is established that a decree of
dissolution is appropriate.

(b)  In determining whether to order equitable relief or dissolution,
the court shall take into consideration the financial condition of the
cooperative but may not refuse to order equitable relief or dissolution
solely on the ground that the cooperative has accumulated operating net
income or current operating net income.

(c)  In deciding whether to order dissolution of the cooperative, the
court shall consider whether lesser relief suggested by one (1) or more
parties, such as a form of equitable relief or a partial liquidation,
would be adequate to permanently relieve the circumstances established
under subparagraph (a)(ii)(B) or (C) of this section. Lesser relief may
be ordered if it would be appropriate under the facts and circumstances
of the case.

(d)  If the court finds that a party to a proceeding brought under this
section has acted arbitrarily, vexatiously, or otherwise not in good
faith, the court may in its discretion award reasonable expenses,
including attorneys' fees and disbursements, to any of the other
parties.

(e)  Proceedings under this section shall be brought in a court within
the county where the registered address of the cooperative is located.

(f)  It is not necessary to make members parties to the action or
proceeding unless relief is sought against them personally.

17‑10‑245.  Procedure in involuntary or court‑supervised voluntary
dissolution.

(a)  In dissolution proceedings before a hearing can be completed the
court may:

(i)  Issue injunctions;

(ii)  Appoint receivers with all powers and duties that the court
directs;

(iii)  Take actions required to preserve the cooperative's assets
wherever located; and

(iv)  Carry on the business of the cooperative.

(b)  After a hearing is completed, on notice the court directs to be
given to parties to the proceedings and to other parties in interest
designated by the court, the court may appoint a receiver to collect the
cooperative's assets, including amounts owing to the cooperative by
subscribers on account of an unpaid portion of the consideration for the
issuance of shares. A receiver has authority, subject to the order of
the court, to continue the business of the cooperative and to sell,
lease, transfer, or otherwise dispose of the property and assets of the
cooperative either at public or private sale.

(c)  The assets of the cooperative or the proceeds resulting from a
sale, lease, transfer, or other disposition shall be applied in the
following order of priority:

(i)  The costs and expenses of the proceedings, including attorneys'
fees and disbursements;

(ii)  Debts, taxes and assessments due the United States, this state and
other states in that order;

(iii)  Claims duly proved and allowed to employees under the provisions
of the workers' compensation act except that claims under this clause
may not be allowed if the cooperative has carried workers' compensation
insurance, as provided by law, at the time the injury was sustained;

(iv)  Claims, including the value of all compensation paid in a medium
other than money, proved and allowed to employees for services performed
within three (3) months preceding the appointment of the receiver, if
any; and

(v)  Other claims proved and allowed.

(d)  After payment of the expenses of receivership and claims of
creditors are proved, the remaining assets, if any, may be distributed
to the members or distributed pursuant to an approved liquidation plan.

17‑10‑246.  Receiver qualifications and powers.

(a)  A receiver shall be a natural person or a domestic corporation or a
foreign corporation authorized to transact business in this state. A
receiver shall give a bond as directed by the court with the sureties
required by the court.

(b)  A receiver may sue and defend in all courts as receiver of the
cooperative. The court appointing the receiver has exclusive
jurisdiction of the cooperative and its property.

17‑10‑247.  Dissolution action by attorney general; administrative
dissolution.

(a)  A cooperative may be dissolved involuntarily by a decree of a court
in this state in an action filed by the attorney general if it is
established that:

(i)  The articles and certificate of organization were procured through
fraud;

(ii)  The cooperative was organized for a purpose not permitted by this
article or prohibited by state law;

(iii)  The cooperative has flagrantly violated a provision of this
article, has violated a provision of this article more than once or has
violated more than one (1) provision of this article; or

(iv)  The cooperative has acted, or failed to act, in a manner that
constitutes surrender or abandonment of the cooperative's franchise,
privileges, or enterprise.

(b)  An action may not be commenced under subsection (a) of this section
until thirty (30) days after notice to the cooperative by the attorney
general of the reason for the filing of the action. If the reason for
filing the action is an act that the cooperative has done, or omitted to
do, and the act or omission may be corrected by an amendment of the
articles or bylaws or by performance of or abstention from the act, the
attorney general shall give the cooperative thirty (30) additional days
to make the correction before filing the action.

(c)  The provisions of W.S. 17‑16‑1420 through 17‑16‑1423 shall apply to
the administrative dissolution of any domestic cooperative and the
provisions of W.S. 17‑16‑1530 through 17‑16‑1532 shall apply to the
administrative dissolution of any foreign cooperative.

17‑10‑248.  Filing claims in court‑supervised dissolution proceedings.

(a)  In proceedings to dissolve a cooperative, the court may require all
creditors and claimants of the cooperative to file their claims under
oath with the court administrator or with the receiver in a form
prescribed by the court.

(b)  If the court requires the filing of claims, the court shall:

(i)  Set a date, by order, at least one hundred twenty (120) days after
the date the order is filed, as the last day for the filing of claims;
and

(ii)  Prescribe the notice of the fixed date that shall be given to
creditors and claimants.

(c)  Before the fixed date, the court may extend the time for filing
claims. Creditors and claimants failing to file claims on or before the
fixed date may be barred, by order of court, from claiming an interest
in or receiving payment out of the property or assets of the
cooperative.

17‑10‑249.  Discontinuance of court‑supervised dissolution proceedings.

The involuntary or supervised voluntary dissolution of a cooperative may
be discontinued at any time during the dissolution proceedings if it is
established that cause for dissolution does not exist. The court shall
dismiss the proceedings and direct the receiver, if any, to redeliver to
the cooperative its remaining property and assets.

17‑10‑250.  Court‑supervised dissolution order.

(a)  In an involuntary or supervised voluntary dissolution after the
costs and expenses of the proceedings and all debts, obligations and
liabilities of the cooperative have been paid or discharged and the
remaining property and assets have been distributed to its members or,
if its property and assets are not sufficient to satisfy and discharge
the costs, expenses, debts, obligations and liabilities, when all the
property and assets have been applied so far as they will go to their
payment according to their priorities, the court shall enter an order
dissolving the cooperative.

(b)  When the order dissolving the cooperative or association has been
entered, the cooperative or association is dissolved.

17‑10‑251.  Filing court's dissolution order.

After the court enters an order dissolving a cooperative, the court
administrator shall cause a certified copy of the dissolution order to
be filed with the secretary of state. The secretary of state may not
charge a fee for filing the dissolution order.

17‑10‑252.  Barring of claims.

(a)  A person who is or becomes a creditor or claimant before, during,
or following the conclusion of dissolution proceedings, who does not
file a claim or pursue a remedy in a legal, administrative or
arbitration proceeding during the pendency of the dissolution proceeding
or has not initiated a legal, administrative, or arbitration proceeding
before the commencement of the dissolution proceedings and all those
claiming through or under the creditor or claimant, are forever barred
from suing on that claim or otherwise realizing upon or enforcing it,
except as provided in this section.

(b)  Within one (1) year after articles of dissolution have been filed
with the secretary of state pursuant to this article or a dissolution
order has been entered, a creditor or claimant who shows good cause for
not having previously filed the claim may apply to a court in this state
to allow a claim:

(i)  Against the cooperative to the extent of undistributed assets; or

(ii)  If the undistributed assets are not sufficient to satisfy the
claim, the claim may be allowed against a member to the extent of the
distributions to members in dissolution received by the member.

(c)  Debts, obligations, and liabilities incurred during dissolution
proceedings shall be paid or provided for by the cooperative before the
distribution of assets to a member. A person to whom this kind of debt,
obligation, or liability is owed but is not paid may pursue any remedy
against the officers, directors or members of the cooperative before the
expiration of the applicable statute of limitations. This subsection
does not apply to dissolution under the supervision or order of a court.

17‑10‑253.  Right to sue or defend after dissolution.

After a cooperative has been dissolved, any of its former officers,
directors or members may assert or defend, in the name of the
cooperative, a claim by or against the cooperative.