CHAPTER 8

CHURCHES AND RELIGIOUS SOCIETIES GENERALLY

17‑8‑101.  Incorporation by churches, parishes and societies having
governing body; purposes generally.

Churches, parishes, and societies of all religious bodies, sects, or
denominations in this state, or a board of trustees of such churches,
parishes, and societies of all religious bodies, having an episcopate,
presbytery, synod, conference or other governing body, with spiritual
jurisdiction extending over the whole state, or part thereof not less
than six (6) counties, may become incorporated for religious,
missionary, educational or charitable purposes in the manner hereinafter
provided; or said incorporation may be limited to the purposes of
acquiring and holding the legal title to property, real and personal,
required for the use of such churches, parishes, or societies, or any of
them, or of such general governing body, and for the purpose of
conveying the same, and contracting with reference thereto.

17‑8‑102.  Organization meeting; officers.

The chief or presiding or executive officer of the religious bodies,
sects or denominations mentioned in the preceding section may, at such
place in this state as he may appoint for the purpose, convene a meeting
of himself and some other officer or officers, subordinate to himself,
but having general jurisdiction throughout the state, or part of the
state aforesaid, and one (1) or more priests, ministers or clergymen of
the proposed church, parish or society, and at least two (2) laymen
resident within the limits thereof, of which meeting the said chief or
presiding or executive officer shall be president and one (1) of the
other persons present shall be secretary.

17‑8‑103.  Contents, execution and filing of articles of incorporation;
competency to transact business in corporate name.

(a)  The said five (5) or more persons, being so convened and organized
as a meeting, shall adopt articles of incorporation which shall fix:

(i)  The name of the church, parish or society so incorporated, or the
name of the church, parish or society in whose behalf or interest the
corporation is formed;

(ii)  The object and purpose of the incorporation;

(iii)  The amount of debts which it shall be competent to contract,
beyond which amount the corporation shall have no power to contract
debts binding at law or equity upon it, its members or its property;

(iv)  The manner in which it may contract and become bound for debts and
may convey, encumber or change its property;

(v)  The manner in which the succession of the members of said
corporation shall be regulated and vacancies in their number filled;

(vi)  The time of the commencement and the termination of the
corporation;

(vii)  By what officers its affairs shall be conducted.

(b)  Which articles, being subscribed and acknowledged by the persons
present at said meeting and filed in the office of the secretary of
state, and recorded in the office of the county clerk of the county
where such church, parish or society shall be located, whereupon such
corporation shall be competent to transact all business in any by its
corporate name.

17‑8‑104.  Authority to make bylaws.

Every incorporation under this act shall be authorized to make such
bylaws as may be necessary to carry into effect fully all the purposes
of such incorporation; provided, the same be not in conflict with the
constitution of the United States, the laws of congress or of this
state.

17‑8‑105.  Corporators and members of corporation.

The persons attending said meeting shall be the corporators and members
of the corporation until their places may be supplied by and under the
provisions of the articles of incorporation.

17‑8‑106.  Incorporation by body of Christians for purposes of
education, benevolence, charity and missions.

If any body of Christians has or shall have, according to its order or
mode of government, an organization, whether known as synod, presbytery,
conference, episcopate or other name, with ecclesiastical or spiritual
jurisdiction over its members throughout this state, and its authorities
shall desire to engage in work of education, benevolence, charity and
missions, which works shall be of like extensive operation and benefit,
and not of limited or local service, and they shall deem an
incorporation convenient for the more successful operation of said
works, all, or any of them, its said authorities, with such persons as
they may associate with them, may cause such incorporation to be formed
in the manner and with the powers hereinbefore provided for the
incorporation of a church, congregation or society.

17‑8‑107.  Applicability of general corporation laws.

Corporations organized under the provisions of this act shall be subject
to the laws of this state in respect to corporations which are
applicable to them, save as herein expressly provided.

17‑8‑108.  Incorporation for establishing benevolent institutions and
for holding real and personal property.

If any presbytery, synod, conference, episcopate or other ecclesiastical
body or association of Christians having jurisdiction over its members
throughout the state, or a part thereof, extending over at least four
(4) counties, and its authorities shall desire to establish missions,
churches and other benevolent institutions and in this behalf to acquire
property real and personal to aid in extending its spiritual
jurisdiction and charities, and shall deem an incorporation necessary or
convenient for the more effective accomplishment of its general objects,
its authorities may cause such incorporation to be formed in the manner
and with all the powers now provided by law for the incorporation of
churches, congregations or societies and such other powers as are
incident and necessary to the successful performance of any or all its
objects.

17‑8‑109.  Corporations; purposes for which such corporations may be
formed.

Corporations may be formed for acquiring, holding or disposing of church
or religious society property, for the benefit of religion, for works of
charity and for public worship in the manner hereinafter provided.

17‑8‑110.  Corporations; execution, acknowledgment and filing of
articles of incorporation.

Any person being the archbishop, bishop, president, trustee in trust,
president of stake, president of congregation, overseer, presiding
elder, or clergyman, of any church or religious society, who shall have
been duly chosen, elected or appointed, in conformity with the
constitution, canons, rites, regulations, or discipline of said church
or religious society, and in whom shall be vested the legal title to the
property of such church or religious society, may make and subscribe
written articles of incorporation in duplicate, acknowledge the same
before some officer authorized to take acknowledgment, and file one (1)
of such articles in the office of the secretary of state, and retain
possession of the other.

17‑8‑111.  Corporations; contents of articles of incorporation;
amendment of articles.

(a)  The articles of incorporation shall specify:

(i)  The name of the corporation, by which it shall be known;

(ii)  The object of said corporation;

(iii)  The estimated value of the property at the time of making the
articles of incorporation;

(iv)  The title of the person making such articles. Any corporation so
formed shall have power from time to time to alter or amend its articles
of incorporation; such amendment shall be made by the corporation sole,
and executed by the same person who executed the original articles of
incorporation, or by his successor in office, and shall be filed and
recorded in the same office and in the same manner as is provided for
filing the original articles.

17‑8‑112.  Corporations; creation and powers generally.

Upon making and filing for record articles of incorporation as herein
provided, the person subscribing the same, and his successor in office
by the name or title specified in the articles, shall thereafter be
deemed, and is hereby created, a body politic and a corporation sole,
with continual perpetual succession, and shall have power to acquire and
possess, by donation, gift, bequest, devise, or purchase, and to hold
and maintain property, real, personal, and mixed, and to grant, sell,
convey, rent, or otherwise dispose of the same as may be necessary to
carry on or promote the objects of the corporation; and shall have
authority to borrow money and to give written obligations therefor, and
to secure the payment thereof by mortgage or other lien, upon real or
personal property, when necessary to promote said objects.

17‑8‑113.  Corporations; other powers.

Such corporation shall have the power to contract and be contracted
with, to sue and be sued, plead and be pleaded in all courts of justice,
and to have and use a common seal by which all deeds and acts of such
corporation may be authenticated.

17‑8‑114.  Corporations; execution of deeds and other written
instruments.

All deeds and other instruments of writing shall be made in the name of
the corporation and signed by the person representing the corporation,
in the official capacity designated in the articles of incorporation,
and be sealed with the seal of the corporation, an impression of which
seal shall be filed in the office of the secretary of state.

17‑8‑115.  Corporations; evidence of corporate existence.

The articles of incorporation, or a certified copy of those filed and
recorded in the office of the secretary of state, shall be evidence of
the existence of such corporation.

17‑8‑116.  Corporations; vesting of title to property in successor;
filing of certified copy of commission by successor.

In the event of the death or resignation of any such archbishop, bishop,
president, trustee in trust, president of stake, president of
congregation, overseer, presiding elder, or clergyman, or of his removal
therefrom by the person or body having authority to remove him, when
such person is at the time a corporation sole, his successor in office,
as such corporation sole, shall be vested with the title to any and all
property held by his predecessor, as such corporation sole, with like
power and authority over the same, and subject to all the legal
liabilities and obligations with reference thereto. Such successor shall
file in the office of the county clerk of each county wherein any of
said real property is situated, a certified copy of his commission,
certificate or letter of election or appointment.

17‑8‑117.  Vesting of title to property in successor when held
beneficially by church official and not by corporation.

In case of the death, resignation or removal of any such archbishop,
bishop, president, trustee in trust, president of stake, president of
congregation, overseer, presiding elder, or clergyman, who at the time
of his death, resignation, or removal, was holding the title to trust
property for the use or benefit of any church or religious society, and
not incorporated as a corporation sole, the title to any and all such
property held by him, of every nature and kind, shall not revert to the
donor, nor vest in the heirs of such deceased person, but shall be
deemed to be in abeyance, after such death, resignation, or removal,
until his successor is duly appointed to fill such vacancy, and upon the
appointment of such successor, the title to all the property held by his
predecessor shall at once, without any other act or deed, vest in the
person appointed to fill such vacancy.