CHAPTER 16

WYOMING BUSINESS CORPORATION ACT

ARTICLE 1

GENERAL PROVISIONS

17‑16‑101.  Short title.

This act shall be known and may be cited as the "Wyoming Business
Corporation Act."

17‑16‑102.  Reservation of power to amend or repeal.

The legislature has power to amend or repeal all or part of this act at
any time and all domestic and foreign corporations subject to this act
are governed by the amendment or repeal.

17‑16‑120.  Requirements for documents.

(a)  A document shall satisfy the requirements of this section, and of
any other section that adds to or varies from these requirements, to be
entitled to filing by the secretary of state.

(b)  This act shall require or permit filing the document in the office
of the secretary of state.

(c)  The document shall contain the information required by this act. It
may contain other information as well.

(d)  The document shall be typewritten or printed or, if electronically
transmitted, it shall be in a format that can be retrieved or reproduced
in typewritten or printed form.

(e)  The document shall be in the English language. A corporate name
need not be in English if written in English letters or Arabic or Roman
numerals, and the certificate of existence required of foreign
corporations need not be in English if accompanied by an English
translation acceptable to the secretary of state.

(f)  The document shall be executed:

(i)  By the chairman of the board of directors of a domestic or foreign
corporation, by its president, or by another of its officers;

(ii)  If directors have not been selected or the corporation has not
been formed, by an incorporator; or

(iii)  If the corporation is in the hands of a receiver, trustee, or
other court‑appointed fiduciary, by that fiduciary.

(g)  The person executing the document shall sign it and shall state
beneath or opposite his signature his name and the capacity in which he
signs. The document may but need not contain:

(i)  The corporate seal;

(ii)  An attestation by the secretary or an assistant secretary;

(iii)  An acknowledgment, verification or proof.

(h)  If the secretary of state has prescribed a mandatory form for the
document under W.S. 17‑16‑121, the document shall be in or on the
prescribed form.

(i)  The document shall be delivered to the office of the secretary of
state for filing. Delivery may be made by electronic transmission if and
to the extent permitted by the secretary of state. If it is filed in
typewritten or printed form and not transmitted electronically, the
secretary of state may require one (1) exact copy to be delivered with
the document, except as provided in W.S. 17‑28‑103.

(j)  When any document is delivered to the office of the secretary of
state for filing, the correct filing fee, and any franchise tax, license
fee, penalty or past due fees, taxes or penalties required to be paid by
this act or other law shall be paid or provision for payment made in a
manner provided by the secretary of state.

(k)  Reserved.

17‑16‑121.  Forms.

(a)  If the secretary of state so requires, use of forms provided by the
secretary of state pursuant to this subsection is mandatory. The
secretary of state may prescribe and furnish on request forms for:

(i)  An application for a certificate of existence;

(ii)  A foreign corporation's application for a certificate of authority
to transact business in this state;

(iii)  A foreign corporation's application for a certificate of
withdrawal;

(iv)  The annual report;

(v)  A foreign corporation's application for a certificate of
continuance;

(vi)  An application for a certificate of transfer;

(vii)  A foreign corporation's application for certificate of
domestication; and

(viii)  A consent of registered agent to appointment.

(b)  The secretary of state may prescribe and furnish on request forms
for other documents required or permitted to be filed by this act but
their use is not mandatory.

17‑16‑122.  Filing, service and copying fees.

The secretary of state shall set and collect filing, service and copying
fees to recover his costs to administer this act. Fees shall not exceed
the costs of providing these services.

17‑16‑123.  Effective time and date of document.

(a)  Except as provided in subsection (b) of this section and W.S.
17‑16‑124(c), a document accepted for filing pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑120
is effective:

(i)  As of the time received for filing, as evidenced by such means as
the secretary of state may use for the purpose of recording the date and
time of filing; or

(ii)  At the time specified in the document as its effective time on the
date it is filed.

(b)  A document may specify a delayed effective time and date, and if it
does so the document becomes effective at the time and date specified.
If a delayed effective date but no time is specified, the document is
effective at the close of business on that date. A delayed effective
date for a document may not be later than the ninetieth (90th) day after
the date it is filed.

17‑16‑124.  Correcting filed document.

(a)  A domestic or foreign corporation may correct a document filed with
the secretary of state if the document:

(i)  Contains an inaccuracy;

(ii)  Was defectively executed, attested, sealed, verified, or
acknowledged; or

(iii)  The electronic transmission was defective.

(b)  A document is corrected:

(i)  By preparing articles of correction that:

(A)  Describe the document, including its filing date, or attach a copy
of the document to the articles of correction;

(B)  Specify the inaccuracy or defect to be corrected; and

(C)  Correct the inaccuracy or defect.

(ii)  By delivering the articles of correction to the secretary of state
for filing.

(c)  Articles of correction are effective on the effective date of the
document they correct except as to persons relying on the uncorrected
document and adversely affected by the correction. As to those persons,
articles of correction are effective when filed.

17‑16‑125.  Filing duty of secretary of state.

(a)  If a document delivered to the office of the secretary of state for
filing satisfies the requirements of W.S. 17‑16‑120, the secretary of
state shall file the document.

(b)  The secretary of state files a document by stamping or otherwise
endorsing "Filed," together with his official title and the date and
time of filing, on both the original and the document copy and on the
receipt for the filing fee. The secretary of state may prescribe rules
for filing of electronic transmissions. After filing a document, except
as provided in W.S. 17‑28‑103, the secretary of state shall deliver the
document copy, with the filing fee receipt (or acknowledgement of
receipt if no fee is required) attached, to the domestic or foreign
corporation or its representative. The secretary of state, in his
discretion, may issue a certificate evidencing the filing of a document
upon the payment of the requisite fee.

(c)  If the secretary of state refuses to file a document, he shall
return it to the domestic or foreign corporation or its representative
within fifteen (15) days after the document was delivered, together with
a brief, written explanation of the reason for his refusal.

(d)  The secretary of state's duty to file documents under this section
is ministerial. His filing or refusing to file a document does not:

(i)  Affect the validity or invalidity of the document in whole or part;

(ii)  Relate to the correctness or incorrectness of information
contained in the document; or

(iii)  Create a presumption that the document is valid or invalid or
that information contained in the document is correct or incorrect.

17‑16‑126.  Appeal from secretary of state's refusal to file document.

(a)  If the secretary of state refuses to file a document delivered to
his office for filing, the domestic or foreign corporation may, within
thirty (30) days after the return of the document, appeal the refusal to
the district court of the county where the corporation's principal
office is located in the state or, if the corporation does not have a
principal office in the state, the district court of the county where
its registered office is or will be located, or the district court of
the county of residence of an incorporator for a domestic corporation,
or in the district court of Laramie county. The appeal is commenced by
petitioning the court to compel filing the document and by attaching to
the petition the document and the secretary of state's explanation of
his refusal to file.

(b)  The court may summarily order the secretary of state to file the
document or take other action the court considers appropriate.

(c)  The court's final decision may be appealed as in other civil
proceedings.

17‑16‑127.  Evidentiary effect of copy of filed document.

A certificate from the secretary of state delivered with a copy of a
document filed by the secretary of state is conclusive evidence that the
original document is on file with the secretary of state.

17‑16‑128.  Certificate of existence.

(a)  Anyone may apply to the secretary of state to furnish a certificate
of existence for a domestic corporation or a certificate of
authorization for a foreign corporation.

(b)  A certificate of existence or authorization sets forth:

(i)  The domestic corporation's corporate name or the foreign
corporation's corporate name used in this state;

(ii)  That:

(A)  The domestic corporation is duly incorporated under the law of this
state, the date of its incorporation, and the period of its duration if
less than perpetual; or

(B)  The foreign corporation is authorized to transact business in this
state.

(iii)  That all fees, taxes, and penalties owed to this state have been
paid, if:

(A)  Payment is reflected in the records of the secretary of state; and

(B)  Nonpayment affects the existence or authorization of the domestic
or foreign corporation.

(iv)  That its most recent annual report required by W.S. 17‑16‑1630 has
been filed by the secretary of state;

(v)  That articles of dissolution have not been filed; and

(vi)  Other facts of record in the office of the secretary of state that
may be requested by the applicant.

(c)  Subject to any qualification stated in the certificate, a
certificate of existence or authorization issued by the secretary of
state may be relied upon as conclusive evidence that the domestic or
foreign corporation is in existence or is authorized to transact
business in this state.

17‑16‑129.  Repealed by Laws 2008, Ch. 91, § 3.

17‑16‑130.  Powers.

The secretary of state has the power reasonably necessary to perform the
duties required of him by this act. The secretary of state shall
promulgate reasonable forms, rules and regulations necessary to carry
out the purposes of this act.

17‑16‑140.  Definitions.

(a)  In this act:

(i)  "Articles of incorporation" means the original articles of
incorporation, all amendments thereof and any other documents permitted
or required to be filed by a domestic business corporation with the
secretary of state under any provision of this act. If an amendment of
the articles or any other document filed under this act restates the
articles in their entirety thenceforth the articles shall not include
any prior documents;

(ii)  "Authorized shares" means the shares of all classes a domestic or
foreign corporation is authorized to issue;

(iii)  "Conspicuous" means so written that a reasonable person against
whom the writing is to operate should have noticed it. For example,
printing in italics or boldface or contrasting color, or typing in
capitals or underlined, is conspicuous;

(iv)  "Corporation" or "domestic corporation" means a corporation for
profit, which is not a foreign corporation, incorporated under or
subject to the provisions of this act;

(v)  "Deliver" or "delivery" means any method of delivery used in
conventional commercial practice, including delivery by hand, mail,
commercial delivery and electronic transmission;

(vi)  "Distribution" means a direct or indirect transfer of money or
other property, except the corporation's own shares, or incurrence of
indebtedness by a corporation to or for the benefit of its shareholders
in respect of any of its shares. A distribution may be in the form of a
declaration or payment of a dividend, a purchase, redemption, or other
acquisition of shares, a distribution of indebtedness, or otherwise;

(vii)  "Domestic unincorporated entity" means an unincorporated entity
whose internal affairs are governed by the laws of this state;

(viii)  "Effective date of notice" is defined in W.S. 17‑16‑141;

(ix)  "Electronic transmission" or "transmitted electronically" means
any process of communication not directly involving the physical
transfer of paper that is suitable for the retention, retrieval and
reproduction of information by the recipient;

(x)  "Eligible entity" means a domestic or foreign unincorporated entity
or a domestic or foreign nonprofit corporation;

(xi)  "Eligible interests" means interests;

(xii)  "Employee" includes an officer but not a director. A director may
accept duties that make him also an employee;

(xiii)  "Entity" includes domestic corporation and foreign corporation,
domestic nonprofit corporation and foreign nonprofit corporation,
domestic and foreign profit and not-for-profit unincorporated
association, business trust, statutory trust, estate, partnership,
trust, or two (2) or more persons having a joint or common economic
interest, and state, United States or foreign government;

(xiv)  "Expenses" means reasonable expenses of any kind that are
incurred in connection with a matter, including but not limited to
attorney and expert witness fees;

(xv)  "Foreign corporation" means a corporation for profit incorporated
under a law other than the law of this state;

(xvi)  "Governmental subdivision" includes authority, county, district,
municipality, and any other political subdivision;

(xvii)  "Includes" denotes a partial definition;

(xviii)  "Individual" means a natural person and includes the estate of
an incompetent or deceased individual;

(xix)  "Interest" means either or both of the following rights under the
organic law of an unincorporated entity:

(A)  The right to receive distributions from the entity either in the
ordinary course or upon liquidation; or

(B)  The right to receive notice or vote on issues involving its
internal affairs, other than as an agent, assignee, proxy or person
responsible for managing its business and affairs.

(xx)  "Interest holder" means a person who holds of record an interest;

(xxi)  "Means" denotes an exhaustive definition;

(xxii)  "Net assets" means the amount by which the total assets of a
corporation exceed the total debts of the corporation;

(xxiii)  "Notice" is defined in W.S. 17‑16‑141;

(xxiv)  "Organic document" means a public organic document or a private
organic document;

(xxv)  "Organic law" means the statute governing the internal affairs of
a domestic or foreign business or nonprofit corporation or
unincorporated entity;

(xxvi)  "Owner liability" means personal liability for a debt,
obligation or liability of a domestic or foreign business or nonprofit
corporation or unincorporated entity that is imposed on a person:

(A)  Solely by reason of the person's status as a shareholder or
interest holder; or

(B)  By the articles of incorporation, bylaws or an organic document
under a provision of the organic law of an entity authorizing the
articles of incorporation, bylaws or an organic document to make one (1)
or more specified shareholders or interest holders liable in their
capacity as shareholders or interest holders for all or specified debts,
obligations or liabilities of the entity.

(xxvii)  "Person" includes an individual, partnership, joint venture,
corporation, joint stock company, limited liability company or any other
association or entity, public or private;

(xxviii)  "Principal office" means the office within or outside of this
state, so designated in the annual report;

(xxix)  "Private organic document" means any document other than the
public organic document, if any, that determines the internal governance
of an unincorporated entity. Where a private organic document has been
amended or restated, the term means the private organic document as last
amended or restated;

(xxx)  "Proceeding" includes civil suit and criminal, administrative,
and investigatory action;

(xxxi)  "Public corporation" means a corporation that has shares listed
on a national securities exchange or regularly traded in a market
maintained by one (1) or more members of a national securities
association;

(xxxii)  "Public organic document" means the document, if any, that is
filed of public record to create an unincorporated entity. Where a
public organic document has been amended or restated, the term means the
public organic document as last amended or restated;

(xxxiii)  "Qualified director" is defined in W.S. 17‑16‑143;

(xxxiv)  "Record date" means the date established under article 6 or 7
on which a corporation determines the identity of its shareholders and
their shareholdings for purposes of this act. The determinations shall
be made as of the close of business on the record date unless another
time for doing so is specified when the record date is fixed;

(xxxv)  "Registered agent" means as provided in W.S. 17‑28‑101 through
17‑28‑111;

(xxxvi)  "Secretary" means the corporate officer to whom the board of
directors has delegated responsibility under W.S. 17‑16‑840(c) for
custody of the minutes of the meetings of the board of directors and of
the shareholders and for authenticating records of the corporation;

(xxxvii)  "Shareholder" means the person in whose name shares are
registered in the records of a corporation or the beneficial owner of
shares to the extent of the rights granted by a nominee certificate on
file with a corporation;

(xxxviii)  "Shares" means the units into which the proprietary interests
in a corporation are divided;

(xxxix)  "Sign" or "signature" includes any manual, facsimile, conformed
or electronic signature;

(xl)  "State," when referring to a part of the United States, includes a
state and commonwealth, and their agencies and governmental
subdivisions, and a territory and insular possession, and their agencies
and governmental subdivisions, of the United States;

(xli)  "Subscriber" means a person who subscribes for shares in a
corporation, whether before or after incorporation;

(xlii)  "Unincorporated entity" means an organization or artificial
legal person that either has a separate legal existence or has the power
to acquire an estate in real property in its own name and that is not
any of the following: a domestic or foreign business or nonprofit
corporation, an estate, a trust, a state, the United States or a foreign
government. The term includes, but is not limited to, a general
partnership, limited liability company, limited partnership, limited
liability limited partnership, registered limited liability partnership,
business trust, statutory trust, cooperative, joint stock association,
joint venture and unincorporated nonprofit association;

(xliii)  "United States" includes district, authority, bureau,
commission, department, and any other agency of the United States;

(xliv)  "Voting group" means all shares of one (1) or more classes or
series that under the articles of incorporation or this act are entitled
to vote and be counted together collectively on a matter at a meeting of
shareholders. All shares entitled by the articles of incorporation or
this act to vote generally on the matter are for that purpose a single
voting group;

(xlv)  "Voting power" means the current power to vote in the election of
directors;

(xlvi)  "This act" means W.S. 17‑16‑101 through 17‑16‑1820.

17‑16‑141.  Notice.

(a)  Notice under this act shall be in writing unless oral notice is
reasonable under the circumstances. Notice by electronic transmission is
written notice.

(b)  Notice may be communicated in person; by telephone, telegraph,
teletype, or other form of wire or wireless communication; or by mail or
private carrier. If these forms of personal notice are impracticable,
notice may be communicated by a newspaper of general circulation in the
area where published; or by radio, television, or other form of public
broadcast communication.

(c)  Written notice by a domestic or foreign corporation to its
shareholder, if in a comprehensible form, is effective:

(i)  Upon deposit in the United States mail, if mailed postpaid and
correctly addressed to the shareholder's address shown in the
corporation's current record of the shareholders; or

(ii)  When electronically transmitted to the shareholder in a manner
authorized by the shareholder.

(d)  Written notice to a domestic or foreign corporation authorized to
transact business in this state may be addressed to its registered agent
at its registered office or to the corporation or its secretary at its
principal office shown in its most recent annual report or, in the case
of a foreign corporation that has not yet delivered an annual report, in
its application for a certificate of authority.

(e)  Except as provided in subsection (c) of this section, written
notice, if in a comprehensible form, is effective at the earliest of the
following:

(i)  When received;

(ii)  Five (5) days after its deposit in the United States mail, as
evidenced by the postmark, if mailed postpaid and correctly addressed;
or

(iii)  On the date shown on the return receipt, if sent by registered or
certified mail, or comparable private carrier, return receipt requested,
and the receipt is signed, either manually or in facsimile, by or on
behalf of the addressee.

(f)  Oral notice is effective when communicated if communicated in a
comprehensible manner.

(g)  If this act prescribes notice requirements for particular
circumstances, those requirements govern. If articles of incorporation
or bylaws prescribe notice requirements, not inconsistent with this
section or other provisions of this act, those requirements govern.

17‑16‑142.  Number of shareholders.

(a)  For purposes of this act, the following identified as a shareholder
in a corporation's current record of shareholders constitutes one (1)
shareholder:

(i)  Three (3) or fewer coowners;

(ii)  A corporation, partnership, trust, estate, or other entity; or

(iii)  The trustees, guardians, custodians, or other fiduciaries of a
single trust, estate, or account.

(b)  For purposes of this act, shareholdings registered in substantially
similar names constitute one (1) shareholder if it is reasonable to
believe that the names represent the same person.

17‑16‑143.  Qualified director.

(a)  A "qualified director" is a director who, at the time action is to
be taken under:

(i)  W.S. 17‑16‑744, does not have:

(A)  A material interest in the outcome of the proceeding; or

(B)  A material relationship with a person who has such an interest.

(ii)  W.S. 17‑16‑853 or 17‑16‑855:

(A)  Is not a party to the proceeding;

(B)  Is not a director as to whom a transaction is a director's
conflicting interest transaction or who sought a disclaimer of the
corporation's interest in a business opportunity under W.S. 17‑16‑870,
which transaction or disclaimer is challenged in the proceeding; and

(C)  Does not have a material relationship with a director described in
either subparagraph (A) or (B) of this paragraph.

(iii)  W.S. 17‑16‑862, is not a director as to whom the transaction is a
director's conflicting interest transaction, or a director who has a
material relationship with another director as to whom the transaction
is a director's conflicting interest transaction; or

(iv)  W.S. 17‑16‑870, would be a qualified director under paragraph
(iii) of this subsection if the business opportunity were a director's
conflicting interest transaction.

(b)  For purposes of this section:

(i)  "Material interest" means an actual or potential benefit or
detriment, other than one which would devolve on the corporation or the
shareholders generally, that would reasonably be expected to impair the
objectivity of the director's judgment when participating in the action
to be taken;

(ii)  "Material relationship" means a familial, financial, professional,
employment or other relationship that would reasonably be expected to
impair the objectivity of the director's judgment when participating in
the action to be taken.

(c)  The presence of one (1) or more of the following circumstances
shall not automatically prevent a director from being a qualified
director:

(i)  Nomination or election of the director to the current board by any
director who is not a qualified director with respect to the matter, or
by any person that has a material relationship with that director,
acting alone or participating with others;

(ii)  Service as a director of another corporation of which a director
who is not a qualified director with respect to the matter, or any
individual who has a material relationship with that director, is or was
also a director; or

(iii)  With respect to action to be taken under W.S. 17‑16‑744, status
as a named defendant, as a director against whom action is demanded or
as a director who approved the conduct being challenged.

17‑16‑144.  Reserved.

ARTICLE 2

INCORPORATION

17‑16‑201.  Incorporators.

One (1) or more persons may act as the incorporator or incorporators of
a corporation by delivering articles of incorporation to the secretary
of state for filing.

17‑16‑202.  Articles of incorporation.

(a)  The articles of incorporation shall set forth:

(i)  A corporate name for the corporation that satisfies the
requirements of W.S. 17‑16‑401;

(ii)  The number of shares the corporation is authorized to issue, which
may be unlimited if so stated;

(iii)  The street address of the corporation's initial registered office
and the name of its initial registered agent at that office; and

(iv)  The name and address of each incorporator.

(b)  The articles of incorporation may set forth:

(i)  The names and addresses of the individuals who are to serve as the
initial directors;

(ii)  Provisions not inconsistent with law including:

(A)  The purpose or purposes for which the corporation is organized;

(B)  Managing the business and regulating the affairs of the
corporation;

(C)  Defining, limiting, and regulating the powers of the corporation,
its board of directors, and shareholders;

(D)  A par value for authorized shares or classes of shares;

(E)  The imposition of personal liability on shareholders for the debts
of the corporation to a specified extent and upon specified conditions.

(iii)  Any provision that under this act is required or permitted to be
set forth in the bylaws;

(iv)  A provision eliminating or limiting the liability of a director to
the corporation or its shareholders for money damages for any action
taken, or any failure to take any action, as a director, except
liability for:

(A)  The amount of financial benefit received by a director to which he
is not entitled;

(B)  An intentional infliction of harm on the corporation or
shareholders;

(C)  A violation of W.S. 17‑16‑833; or

(D)  An intentional violation of criminal law; and

(v)  A provision permitting or making obligatory indemnification of a
director for liability (as defined in W.S. 17‑16‑850(a)(iii)) to any
person for any action taken, or failure to take any action, as a
director, except liability for:

(A)  Receipt of a financial benefit to which he is not entitled;

(B)  An intentional infliction of harm on the corporation or its
shareholders;

(C)  A violation of W.S. 17‑16‑833; or

(D)  An intentional violation of criminal law.

(c)  The articles of incorporation need not set forth any of the
corporate powers enumerated in this act.

(d)  Reserved.

(e)  The articles of incorporation shall be accompanied by a written
consent to appointment signed by the registered agent.

17‑16‑203.  Incorporation.

(a)  Unless a delayed effective date is specified, the corporate
existence becomes effective when the articles of incorporation are
filed.

(b)  The secretary of state's filing of the articles of incorporation is
conclusive proof that the incorporators satisfied all conditions
precedent to incorporation except in a proceeding by the state to cancel
or revoke the incorporation or involuntarily dissolve the corporation.

17‑16‑204.  Liability for preincorporation transactions.

All persons purporting to act as or on behalf of a corporation, knowing
there was no incorporation under this act, are jointly and severally
liable for all liabilities created while so acting.

17‑16‑205.  Organization of corporation.

(a)  After incorporation:

(i)  If initial directors are named in the articles of incorporation,
the initial directors shall hold an organizational meeting, at the call
of a majority of the directors, to complete the organization of the
corporation by appointing officers, adopting bylaws, and carrying on any
other business brought before the meeting;

(ii)  If initial directors are not named in the articles, the
incorporator or incorporators shall hold an organizational meeting at
the call of a majority of the incorporators to:

(A)  Elect directors and complete the organization of the corporation;
or

(B)  Elect a board of directors who shall complete the organization of
the corporation.

(b)  Action required or permitted by this act to be taken by
incorporators at an organizational meeting may be taken without a
meeting if the action taken is evidenced by one (1) or more written
consents describing the action taken and signed by each incorporator.

(c)  An organizational meeting may be held within or outside of this
state.

(d)  Within sixty (60) days after filing articles of incorporation, a
corporation shall provide information to its registered agent as
required by W.S. 17‑28‑107.

17‑16‑206.  Bylaws.

(a)  The incorporators or board of directors of a corporation shall
adopt initial bylaws for the corporation.

(b)  The bylaws of a corporation may contain any provision for managing
the business and regulating the affairs of the corporation that is not
inconsistent with law or the articles of incorporation.

(c)  If bylaws are not adopted:

(i)  An annual meeting shall be held within three (3) months after the
close of the corporation's fiscal year;

(ii)  The required officers shall be the president, the secretary and
the treasurer; and

(iii)  Bylaws may be adopted at any director or shareholder meeting.

17‑16‑207.  Emergency bylaws.

(a)  Unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise, the board
of directors of a corporation may adopt bylaws to be effective only in
an emergency defined in subsection (d) of this section. The emergency
bylaws, which are subject to amendment or repeal by the shareholders,
may make all provisions necessary for managing the corporation during
the emergency, including:

(i)  Procedures for calling a meeting of the board of directors;

(ii)  Quorum requirements for the meeting; and

(iii)  Designation of additional or substitute directors.

(b)  All provisions of the regular bylaws consistent with the emergency
bylaws remain effective during the emergency. The emergency bylaws are
not effective after the emergency ends.

(c)  Corporate action taken in good faith in accordance with the
emergency bylaws:

(i)  Binds the corporation; and

(ii)  May not be used to impose liability on a corporate director,
officer, employee, or agent.

(d)  An emergency exists for purposes of this section if a quorum of the
corporation's directors cannot readily be assembled because of some
extraordinary event.

ARTICLE 3

PURPOSES AND POWERS

17‑16‑301.  Purposes.

(a)  Every corporation incorporated under this act has the purpose of
engaging in any lawful business unless a more limited purpose is set
forth in the articles of incorporation.

(b)  A corporation engaging in a business that is subject to regulation
under another statute of this state may incorporate under this act only
if permitted by, and subject to all limitations of, the other statute.

17‑16‑302.  General powers.

(a)  Unless its articles of incorporation provide otherwise, every
corporation has perpetual duration and succession in its corporate name
and has the same powers as an individual to do all things necessary or
convenient to carry out its business and affairs, including without
limitation power to:

(i)  Sue and be sued, complain and defend in its corporate name;

(ii)  Have a corporate seal, which may be altered at will, and to use
it, or a facsimile of it, by impressing or affixing it or in any other
manner reproducing it;

(iii)  Make and amend bylaws, not inconsistent with its articles of
incorporation or with the laws of this state, for managing the business
and regulating the affairs of the corporation;

(iv)  Purchase, receive, lease, or otherwise acquire, and own, hold,
improve, use, and otherwise deal with, real or personal property, or any
legal or equitable interest in property, wherever located;

(v)  Sell, convey, mortgage, pledge, lease, exchange, and otherwise
dispose of all or any part of its property;

(vi)  Purchase, receive, subscribe for, or otherwise acquire; own, hold,
vote, use, sell, mortgage, lend, pledge, or otherwise dispose of; and
deal in and with shares or other interests in, or obligations of, any
other entity;

(vii)  Make contracts and guarantees, incur liabilities, borrow money,
issue its notes, bonds, and other obligations which may be convertible
into or include the option to purchase other securities of the
corporation, and secure any of its obligations by mortgage or pledge of
any of its property, franchises, or income;

(viii)  Lend money, invest and reinvest its funds, and receive and hold
real and personal property as security for repayment;

(ix)  Be a promoter, partner, member, associate, or manager of any
partnership, joint venture, trust, or other entity;

(x)  Conduct its business, locate offices, and exercise the powers
granted by this act within or without this state;

(xi)  Elect directors and appoint officers, employees, and agents of the
corporation, define their duties, fix their compensation, and lend them
money and credit;

(xii)  Pay pensions and establish pension plans, pension trusts, profit
sharing plans, share bonus plans, share option plans, and benefit or
incentive plans for any or all of its current or former directors,
officers, employees, and agents;

(xiii)  Make donations for the public welfare or for charitable,
scientific, or educational purposes;

(xiv)  Transact any lawful business; and

(xv)  Make payments or donations, or do any other act, not inconsistent
with law, that furthers the business and affairs of the corporation.

17‑16‑303.  Emergency powers.

(a)  In anticipation of or during an emergency defined in subsection (d)
of this section, the board of directors of a corporation may:

(i)  Modify lines of succession to accommodate the incapacity of any
director, officer, employee, or agent; and

(ii)  Relocate the principal office, designate alternative principal
offices or regional offices, or authorize the officers to do so.

(b)  During an emergency defined in subsection (d) of this section,
unless emergency bylaws provide otherwise:

(i)  Notice of a meeting of the board of directors need be given only to
those directors whom it is practicable to reach and may be given in any
practicable manner, including by publication and radio; and

(ii)  One (1) or more officers of the corporation present at a meeting
of the board of directors may be deemed to be directors for the meeting,
in order of rank and within the same rank in order of seniority, as
necessary to achieve a quorum.

(c)  Corporate action taken in good faith during an emergency under this
section to further the ordinary business affairs of the corporation:

(i)  Binds the corporation; and

(ii)  May not be used to impose liability on a corporate director,
officer, employee, or agent.

(d)  An emergency exists for the purposes of this section if a quorum of
the corporation's directors cannot readily be assembled because of some
extraordinary event.

17‑16‑304.  Ultra vires.

(a)  Except as provided in subsection (b) of this section, the validity
of corporate action may not be challenged on the ground that the
corporation lacks or lacked power to act.

(b)  A corporation's power to act may be challenged in a proceeding by:

(i)  A shareholder against the corporation to enjoin the act;

(ii)  The corporation, directly, derivatively, or through a receiver,
trustee, or other legal representative, against an incumbent or former
director, officer, employee, or agent of the corporation; or

(iii)  The attorney general under W.S. 17‑16‑1430.

(c)  In a shareholder's proceeding under paragraph (b)(i) of this
section to enjoin an unauthorized corporate act the court may enjoin or
set aside the act, if equitable and if all affected persons are parties
to the proceeding, and may award damages for loss, other than
anticipated profits, suffered by the corporation or another party
because of enjoining the unauthorized act.

ARTICLE 4

NAME

17‑16‑401.  Corporate name.

(a)  A corporate name may not contain language stating or implying that
the corporation is organized for a purpose other than that permitted by
W.S. 17‑16‑301 and its articles of incorporation.

(b)  Except as authorized by subsections (c) and (d) of this section, a
corporate name shall not be the same as, or deceptively similar to any
trademark or service mark registered in this state and shall be
distinguishable upon the records of the secretary of state from the name
of any profit or nonprofit corporation, trade name, limited liability
company, statutory trust company, limited partnership or other business
entity organized, continued or domesticated under the laws of this state
or licensed or registered as a foreign profit or nonprofit corporation,
foreign limited partnership, foreign joint stock company, foreign
statutory trust company, foreign limited liability company or other
foreign business entity in this state or any fictitious or reserved
name.

(c)  A corporation may apply to the secretary of state for authorization
to use a name that is not distinguishable upon the secretary of state's
records from one (1) or more of the names described in subsection (b) of
this section. The secretary of state shall authorize use of the name
applied for if:

(i)  The other person whose name is not distinguishable from the name
which the applicant desires to register or reserve, irrevocably consents
to the use in writing and submits an undertaking in a form satisfactory
to the secretary of state to change its name to a name that is
distinguishable upon the records of the secretary of state from the name
of the applicant; or

(ii)  The applicant delivers to the secretary of state a certified copy
of the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction establishing
the applicant's right to use the name applied for in this state.

(d)  A corporation may use the name, including the fictitious name, of
another domestic or foreign corporation that is used in this state if
the other corporation is incorporated or authorized to transact business
in this state and the proposed user corporation:

(i)  Has merged with the other corporation; or

(ii)  Has been formed by reorganization of the other corporation; or

(iii)  Has acquired all or substantially all of the assets, including
the corporate name, of the other corporation; or

(iv)  Repealed By Laws 1996, ch. 80, § 3.

(v)  Where the other corporation is affiliated with the proposed user
corporation and has consented in writing to the use of the name by the
proposed user corporation, and the written consent also sets forth a
description of a proposed merger, consolidation, dissolution, amendment
to articles of incorporation or other intended corporate action which
establishes to the reasonable satisfaction of the secretary of state
that the coexistence of two (2) corporations using the same name will
not continue for more than one hundred twenty (120) days.

(e)  This act does not control the use of fictitious names.

(f)  A name is distinguishable from other names, on the records of the
secretary of state, if it contains one (1) or more different letters or
numerals, or if it has a different sequence of letters or numerals from
the other names on the secretary of state's records. Differences which
are not distinguishable are:

(i)  The words or abbreviations of the words "corporation," "company,"
"incorporated," "limited partnership," "L.P.," "limited," "ltd.,"
"limited liability company," "limited company," "L.C." or "L.L.C.";

(ii)  The presence or absence of the words or symbols of the words
"the," "and" or "a";

(iii)  Differences in punctuation and special characters;

(iv)  Differences in capitalization; or

(v)  Differences between singular and plural forms of words.

(g)  The secretary of state has the power and authority reasonably
necessary to interpret and efficiently administer this section and to
perform the duties imposed by this section.

17‑16‑402.  Reserved name.

(a)  A person may apply to reserve the exclusive use of a corporate
name, including a fictitious name for a foreign corporation whose
corporate name is not available, by delivering an application to the
secretary of state for filing. The application shall set forth the name
and address of the applicant and the name proposed to be reserved. If
the secretary of state finds that the corporate name applied for is
available, he shall reserve the name for the applicant's exclusive use
for a nonrenewable one hundred twenty (120) day period.

(b)  The owner of a reserved corporate name may transfer the reservation
to another person by delivering to the secretary of state a manually
signed notice of the transfer that states the name and address of the
transferee.

17‑16‑403.  Reserved.

ARTICLE 5

OFFICE AND AGENT

17‑16‑501.  Registered office and registered agent.

(a)  Each corporation shall continuously maintain in this state:

(i)  A registered office as provided in W.S. 17‑28‑101 through
17‑28‑111; and

(ii)  A registered agent as provided in W.S. 17‑28‑101 through
17‑28‑111.

(A)  Repealed by Laws 2008, Ch. 90, § 3.

(B)  Repealed by Laws 2008, Ch. 90, § 3.

(C)  Repealed by Laws 2008, Ch. 90, § 3.

(b)  The provisions of W.S. 17‑28‑101 through 17‑28‑111 shall apply to
all corporations.

17‑16‑502.  Repealed by Laws 2008, Ch. 90, § 3.

17‑16‑503.  Repealed by Laws 2008, Ch. 90, § 3.

17‑16‑504.  Repealed by Laws 2008, Ch. 90, § 3.

17‑16‑505.  Repealed by Laws 2008, Ch. 90, § 3.

17‑16‑506.  Repealed by Laws 2008, Ch. 90, § 3.

17‑16‑507.  Repealed by Laws 2008, Ch. 90, § 3.

17‑16‑508.  Repealed by Laws 2008, Ch. 90, § 3.

17‑16‑509.  Repealed by Laws 2008, Ch. 90, § 3.

ARTICLE 6

SHARES AND DISTRIBUTIONS

17‑16‑601.  Authorized shares.

(a)  The articles of incorporation shall set forth the classes of shares
and series of shares within a class, and the number, which may be
unlimited, of shares of each class and series that the corporation is
authorized to issue. If more than one (1) class or series of shares is
authorized, the articles of incorporation shall prescribe a
distinguishing designation for each class or series, and shall
prescribe, prior to the issuance of shares of a class or series, the
terms, including preferences, rights and limitations of that class or
series. Except to the extent varied as permitted by this section, all
shares of a class or series shall have terms, including preferences,
rights and limitations that are identical with those of other shares of
the same class or series.

(b)  The articles of incorporation shall authorize:

(i)  One (1) or more classes or series of shares that together have
unlimited voting rights; and

(ii)  One (1) or more classes or series of shares, which may be the same
class or classes as those with voting rights, that together are entitled
to receive the net assets of the corporation upon dissolution.

(c)  The articles of incorporation may authorize one (1) or more classes
or series of shares that:

(i)  Have special, conditional, or limited voting rights, or no right to
vote, except to the extent otherwise provided by this act;

(ii)  Are redeemable or convertible as specified in the articles of
incorporation:

(A)  At the option of the corporation, the shareholder, or another
person or upon the occurrence of a specified event;

(B)  For cash, indebtedness, securities, or other property; and

(C)  At prices and in amounts specified or determined in accordance with
a formula.

(iii)  Entitle the holders to distributions calculated in any manner,
including dividends that may be cumulative, noncumulative, or partially
cumulative; or

(iv)  Have preference over any other class or series of shares with
respect to distributions, including distributions upon the dissolution
of the corporation.

(d)  Terms of shares may be made dependent upon facts objectively
ascertainable outside the articles of incorporation.

(e)  Any of the terms of shares may vary among holders of the same class
or series so long as such variations are expressly set forth in the
articles of incorporation.

(f)  The description of the preferences, rights and limitations of
classes or series of shares in subsection (c) of this section is not
exhaustive.

17‑16‑602.  Terms of class or series determined by board of directors.

(a)  If the articles of incorporation so provide, the board of directors
is authorized, without shareholder approval, to:

(i)  Classify any unissued shares into one (1) or more classes or into
one (1) or more series within a class;

(ii)  Reclassify any unissued shares of any class into one (1) or more
classes or into one (1) or more series within one (1) or more classes;
or

(iii)  Reclassify any unissued shares of any series of any class into
one (1) or more classes or into one (1) or more series within a class.

(b)  If the board of directors acts pursuant to subsection (a) of this
section, it shall determine the terms, including the preferences, rights
and limitations, to the same extent permitted under W.S. 17‑16‑601, of:

(i)  Any class of shares before the issuance of any shares of that
class; or

(ii)  Any series within a class before the issuance of any shares of
that series.

(c)  Before issuing any shares of a class or series created under this
section, the corporation shall deliver to the secretary of state for
filing articles of amendment effecting the provisions of this section in
accordance with article 10 of this act and setting forth the terms
determined under subsection (a) of this section.

17‑16‑603.  Issued and outstanding shares.

(a)  A corporation may issue the number of shares of each class or
series authorized by the articles of incorporation. Shares that are
issued are outstanding shares until they are reacquired, redeemed,
converted, or cancelled.

(b)  The reacquisition, redemption, or conversion of outstanding shares
is subject to the limitations of subsection (c) of this section and to
W.S. 17‑16‑640.

(c)  At all times that shares of the corporation are outstanding, one
(1) or more shares that together have unlimited voting rights and one
(1) or more shares that together are entitled to receive the net assets
of the corporation upon dissolution shall be outstanding.

17‑16‑604.  Fractional shares.

(a)  A corporation may:

(i)  Issue fractions of a share or pay in money the value of fractions
of a share;

(ii)  Arrange for disposition of fractional shares by the shareholders;
or

(iii)  Issue scrip in registered or bearer form entitling the holder to
receive a full share upon surrendering enough scrip to equal a full
share.

(b)  Each certificate representing scrip shall be conspicuously labeled
"scrip" and shall contain the information required by W.S. 17‑16‑625(b).

(c)  The holder of a fractional share is entitled to exercise the rights
of a shareholder, including the right to vote, to receive dividends, and
to participate in the assets of the corporation upon liquidation. The
holder of scrip is not entitled to any of these rights unless the scrip
provides for them.

(d)  The board of directors may authorize the issuance of scrip subject
to any condition considered desirable, including:

(i)  That the scrip will become void if not exchanged for full shares
before a specified date; and

(ii)  That the shares for which the scrip is exchangeable may be sold
and the proceeds paid to the scripholders.

17‑16‑620.  Subscription for shares before incorporation.

(a)  A subscription for shares entered into before incorporation is
irrevocable for six (6) months unless the subscription agreement
provides a longer or shorter period or all the subscribers agree to
revocation.

(b)  The board of directors may determine the payment terms of
subscriptions for shares that were entered into before incorporation,
unless the subscription agreement specifies them. A call for payment by
the board of directors shall be uniform so far as practicable as to all
shares of the same class or series, unless the subscription agreement
specifies otherwise.

(c)  Shares issued pursuant to subscriptions entered into before
incorporation are fully paid and nonassessable when the corporation
receives the consideration specified in the subscription agreement.

(d)  If a subscriber defaults in payment of money or property under a
subscription agreement entered into before incorporation, the
corporation may collect the amount owed as any other debt.
Alternatively, unless the subscription agreement provides otherwise, the
corporation may rescind the agreement and may sell the shares if the
debt remains unpaid more than twenty (20) days after the corporation
sends written demand for payment to the subscriber.

(e)  A subscription agreement entered into after incorporation is a
contract between the subscriber and the corporation subject to W.S.
17‑16‑621.

17‑16‑621.  Issuance of shares.

(a)  The powers granted in this section to the board of directors may be
reserved to the shareholders by the articles of incorporation.

(b)  The board of directors may authorize shares to be issued for
consideration consisting of any tangible or intangible property or
benefit to the corporation, including cash, promissory notes, services
performed, contracts for services to be performed, or other securities
of the corporation.

(c)  Before the corporation issues shares, the board of directors shall
determine that the consideration received or to be received for shares
to be issued is adequate. That determination by the board of directors
is conclusive insofar as the adequacy of consideration for the issuance
of shares relates to whether the shares are validly issued, fully paid,
and nonassessable.

(d)  When the corporation receives the consideration for which the board
of directors authorized the issuance of shares, the shares issued
therefor are fully paid and nonassessable.

(e)  The corporation may place in escrow shares issued for a contract
for future services or benefits or a promissory note, or make other
arrangements to restrict the transfer of the shares, and may credit
distributions in respect of the shares against their purchase price,
until the services are performed, the note is paid, or the benefits
received. If the services are not performed, the note is not paid, or
the benefits are not received, the shares escrowed or restricted and the
distributions credited may be cancelled in whole or part.

(f)(i)  An issuance of shares or other securities convertible into or
rights exercisable for shares, in a transaction or a series of
integrated transactions, requires approval of the shareholders, at a
meeting at which a quorum exists, if:

(A)  The shares, other securities, or rights are issued for
consideration other than cash or cash equivalents; and

(B)  The voting power of shares that are issued and issuable as a result
of the transaction or series of integrated transactions will comprise
more than twenty percent (20%) of the voting power of the shares of the
corporation that were outstanding immediately before the transaction.

(ii)  In this subsection:

(A)  For purposes of determining the voting power of shares issued and
issuable as a result of a transaction or series of integrated
transactions, the voting power of shares shall be the greater of:

(I)  The voting power of the shares to be issued; or

(II)  The voting power of the shares that would be outstanding after
giving effect to the conversion of convertible shares and other
securities and the exercise of rights to be issued.

(B)  A series of transactions is integrated if consummation of one (1)
transaction is made contingent on consummation of one (1) or more of the
other transactions.

17‑16‑622.  Liability of shareholders.

(a)  A purchaser from a corporation of its own shares is not liable to
the corporation or its creditors with respect to the shares except to
pay the consideration for which the shares were authorized to be issued
pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑621 or specified in the subscription agreement
pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑620.

(b)  Unless otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation, a
shareholder of a corporation is not personally liable for the acts or
debts of the corporation except that he may become personally liable by
reason of his own acts or conduct.

17‑16‑623.  Share dividends.

(a)  Unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise, shares may
be issued pro rata and without consideration to the corporation's
shareholders or to the shareholders of one (1) or more classes or
series. An issuance of shares under this subsection is a share dividend.

(b)  Shares of one (1) class or series may not be issued as a share
dividend in respect of shares of another class or series unless:

(i)  The articles of incorporation so authorize;

(ii)  A majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the class or series
to be issued approve the issue; or

(iii)  There are no outstanding shares of the class or series to be
issued.

(c)  If the board of directors does not fix the record date for
determining shareholders entitled to a share dividend, it is the date
the board of directors authorizes the share dividend.

17‑16‑624.  Share options.

(a)  A corporation may issue rights, options, or warrants for the
purchase of shares of the corporation. The board of directors shall
determine the terms upon which the rights, options, or warrants are
issued and the terms, including the consideration for which the shares
are to be issued. The authorization by the board of directors for the
corporation to issue the rights, options or warrants constitutes
authorization of the issuance of the shares or other securities for
which the rights, options or warrants are exercisable.

(b)  The terms and conditions of such rights, options or warrants,
including those outstanding on July 1, 2009, may include, without
limitation, restrictions or conditions that:

(i)  Preclude or limit the exercise, transfer or receipt of such rights,
options or warrants by any person owning or offering to acquire a
specified number or percentage of the outstanding shares or other
securities of the corporation or by any transferee of any such person;
or

(ii)  Invalidate or void the rights, options or warrants held by any
such person or transferee.

17‑16‑625.  Form and content of certificates.

(a)  Shares may but need not be represented by certificates. Unless this
act or another statute expressly provides otherwise, the rights and
obligations of shareholders are identical whether or not their shares
are represented by certificates.

(b)  At a minimum each share certificate shall state on its face:

(i)  The name of the issuing corporation and that it is organized under
the law of this state;

(ii)  The name of the person to whom issued; and

(iii)  The number and class of shares and the designation of the series,
if any, the certificate represents.

(c)  If the issuing corporation is authorized to issue different classes
of shares or different series within a class, the designations, relative
rights, preferences, and limitations applicable to each class and the
variations in rights, preferences, and limitations determined for each
series, and the authority of the board of directors to determine
variations for future series, shall be summarized on the front or back
of each certificate. Alternatively, each certificate may state
conspicuously on its front or back that the corporation will furnish the
shareholder this information on request in writing and without charge.

(d)  Each share certificate:

(i)  Shall be signed, either manually or in facsimile, by two (2)
officers designated in the bylaws or by the board of directors; and

(ii)  May bear the corporate seal or its facsimile.

(e)  If the person who signed, either manually or in facsimile, a share
certificate no longer holds office when the certificate is issued, the
certificate is nevertheless valid.

(f)  In no case shall a corporation issue share certificates in bearer
form. For purposes of this subsection "bearer form" means a form in
which the certificate is payable to the bearer of the certificate
according to its terms but not by reason of an endorsement. If a
corporation formed under this act or qualified to do business under this
act has bearer shares outstanding, the entity shall conform those shares
to comply with this section on or before October 1, 2007. Failure to do
so shall be prima facie evidence of an ultra vires act pursuant to W.S.
17‑16‑304.

17‑16‑626.  Shares without certificates.

(a)  Unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws provide otherwise,
the board of directors of a corporation may authorize the issue of some
or all of the shares of any or all of its classes or series without
certificates. The authorization does not affect shares already
represented by certificates until they are surrendered to the
corporation.

(b)  Within a reasonable time after the issue or transfer of shares
without certificates, the corporation shall send the shareholder a
written statement of the information required on certificates by W.S.
17‑16‑625(b) and (c), and, if applicable, W.S. 17‑16‑627.

17‑16‑627.  Restriction on transfer of shares and other securities.

(a)  The articles of incorporation, bylaws, an agreement among
shareholders, or an agreement between shareholders and the corporation
may impose restrictions on the transfer or registration of transfer of
shares of the corporation. A restriction does not affect shares issued
before the restriction was adopted unless the holders of the shares are
parties to the restriction agreement or voted in favor of the
restriction.

(b)  A restriction on the transfer or registration of transfer of shares
is valid and enforceable against the holder or a transferee of the
holder if the restriction is authorized by this section and its
existence is noted conspicuously on the front or back of the certificate
or is contained in the information statement required by W.S.
17‑16‑626(b). Unless so noted or contained, a restriction is not
enforceable against a person without knowledge of the restriction.

(c)  A restriction on the transfer or registration of transfer of shares
is authorized:

(i)  To maintain the corporation's status when it is dependent on the
number or identity of its shareholders;

(ii)  To preserve exemptions under federal or state securities law; or

(iii)  For any other reasonable purpose.

(d)  A restriction on the transfer or registration of transfer of shares
may:

(i)  Obligate the shareholder first to offer the corporation or other
persons, separately, consecutively, or simultaneously, an opportunity to
acquire the restricted shares;

(ii)  Obligate the corporation or other persons, separately,
consecutively, or simultaneously, to acquire the restricted shares;

(iii)  Require the corporation, the holders of any class of its shares,
or another person to approve the transfer of the restricted shares, if
the requirement is not manifestly unreasonable; or

(iv)  Prohibit the transfer of the restricted shares to designated
persons or classes of persons, if the prohibition is not manifestly
unreasonable.

(e)  For purposes of this section, "shares" includes a security
convertible into or carrying a right to subscribe for or acquire shares.

17‑16‑628.  Expense of issue.

A corporation may pay the expenses of selling or underwriting its
shares, and of organizing or reorganizing the corporation, from the
consideration received for shares.

17‑16‑630.  Shareholders' preemptive rights.

(a)  The shareholders of a corporation do not have a preemptive right to
acquire the corporation's unissued shares except to the extent the
articles of incorporation so provide.

(b)  A statement included in the articles of incorporation that "the
corporation elects to have preemptive rights," or words of similar
import, means that the following principles apply except to the extent
the articles of incorporation expressly provide otherwise:

(i)  The shareholders of the corporation have a preemptive right,
granted on uniform terms and conditions prescribed by the board of
directors to provide a fair and reasonable opportunity to exercise the
right, to acquire proportional amounts of the corporation's unissued
shares upon the decision of the board of directors to issue them;

(ii)  A shareholder may waive his preemptive right. A waiver evidenced
by a writing is irrevocable even though it is not supported by
consideration;

(iii)  There is no preemptive right with respect to:

(A)  Shares issued as compensation to directors, officers, agents, or
employees of the corporation, its subsidiaries or affiliates;

(B)  Shares issued to satisfy conversion or option rights created to
provide compensation to directors, officers, agents, or employees of the
corporation, its subsidiaries or affiliates;

(C)  Shares authorized in articles of incorporation that are issued
within six (6) months from the effective date of incorporation; or

(D)  Shares sold otherwise than for money.

(iv)  Holders of shares of any class without general voting rights but
with preferential rights to distributions or assets have no preemptive
rights with respect to shares of any class;

(v)  Holders of shares of any class with general voting rights but
without preferential rights to distributions or assets have no
preemptive rights with respect to shares of any class with preferential
rights to distributions or assets unless the shares with preferential
rights are convertible into or carry a right to subscribe for or acquire
shares without preferential rights;

(vi)  Shares subject to preemptive rights that are not acquired by
shareholders may be issued to any person for a period of one (1) year
after being offered to shareholders at a consideration set by the board
of directors that is not lower than the consideration set for the
exercise of preemptive rights. An offer at a lower consideration or
after the expiration of one (1) year is subject to the shareholders'
preemptive rights.

(c)  For purposes of this section, "shares" includes a security
convertible into or carrying a right to subscribe for or acquire shares.

17‑16‑631.  Corporation's acquisition of its own shares.

(a)  A corporation may acquire its own shares and shares so acquired
constitute authorized but unissued shares.

(b)  If the articles of incorporation prohibit the reissue of the
acquired shares, the number of authorized shares is reduced by the
number of shares acquired.

(c)  The board of directors may adopt articles of amendment effecting
the provisions of this section under article 10 of this act without
shareholder action and deliver them to the secretary of state for
filing.

17‑16‑640.  Distributions to shareholders.

(a)  A board of directors may authorize and the corporation may make
distributions to its shareholders subject to restriction by the articles
of incorporation and the limitation in subsection (c) of this section.

(b)  If the board of directors does not fix the record date for
determining shareholders entitled to a distribution, other than one (1)
involving a purchase, redemption, or other acquisition of the
corporation's shares, it is the date the board of directors authorizes
the distribution.

(c)  No distribution may be made if, after giving it effect:

(i)  The corporation would not be able to pay its debts as they become
due in the usual course of business; or

(ii)  The corporation's total assets would be less than the sum of its
total liabilities plus (unless the articles of incorporation permit
otherwise) the amount that would be needed, if the corporation were to
be dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the
preferential rights upon dissolution of shareholders whose preferential
rights are superior to those receiving the distribution.

(d)  The board of directors may base a determination that a distribution
is not prohibited under subsection (c) of this section either on
financial statements prepared on the basis of accounting practices and
principles that are reasonable in the circumstances or on a fair
valuation or other method that is reasonable in the circumstances.

(e)  Except as provided in subsection (g) of this section, the effect of
a distribution under subsection (c) of this section is measured:

(i)  In the case of distribution by purchase, redemption, or other
acquisition of the corporation's shares, as of the earlier of:

(A)  The date money or other property is transferred or debt incurred by
the corporation; or

(B)  The date the shareholder ceases to be a shareholder with respect to
the acquired shares.

(ii)  In the case of any other distribution of indebtedness, as of the
date the indebtedness is distributed; and

(iii)  In all other cases, as of:

(A)  The date the distribution is authorized if the payment occurs
within one hundred twenty (120) days after the date of authorization; or

(B)  The date the payment is made if it occurs more than one hundred
twenty (120) days after the date of authorization.

(f)  A corporation's indebtedness to a shareholder incurred by reason of
a distribution made in accordance with this section is at parity with
the corporation's indebtedness to its general, unsecured creditors
except to the extent subordinated by agreement.

(g)  Indebtedness of a corporation, including indebtedness issued as a
distribution, is not considered a liability for purposes of
determinations under subsection (c) of this section if its terms provide
that payment of principal and interest are made only if and to the
extent that payment of a distribution to shareholders could then be made
under this section. If the indebtedness is issued as a distribution,
each payment of principal or interest is treated as a distribution, the
effect of which is measured on the date the payment is actually made.

(h)  This section shall not apply to distributions in liquidation under
article 14 of this act.

ARTICLE 7

SHAREHOLDERS

17‑16‑701.  Annual meeting.

(a)  Unless directors are elected by written consent in lieu of an
annual meeting as permitted by W.S. 17‑16‑704, a corporation shall hold
a meeting of shareholders annually at a time stated in or fixed in
accordance with the bylaws.

(b)  Annual shareholders' meetings may be held in or out of this state
at the place stated in or fixed in accordance with the bylaws. If no
place is stated in or fixed in accordance with the bylaws, annual
meetings shall be held at the corporation's principal office. The board
of directors may, in its sole discretion, determine that the meeting
shall not be held at any place, but may instead be held by means of
remote communication. The board shall take into consideration
stockholders' ability to participate by remote communication and provide
an alternative means of participation for those stockholders unable to
participate by remote communication. If authorized by the board of
directors in its sole discretion, and subject to guidelines and
procedures the board of directors may adopt, stockholders and proxies
not physically present at a meeting of stockholders may, by means of
remote communication:

(i)  Participate in a meeting of stockholders; and

(ii)  Be deemed present in person and vote at a meeting of stockholders,
whether the meeting is held at a designated place or solely by means of
remote communication, provided that the corporation shall implement
reasonable measures to verify that each person deemed present and
permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote communication is a
stockholder or proxy. The corporations shall implement reasonable
measures to provide the stockholders and proxies a reasonable
opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters
submitted to the stockholders, including an opportunity to read or hear
the proceedings of the meeting substantially concurrently with the
proceeding. If any stockholder or proxy votes or takes other action at
the meeting by means of remote communication, a record of the vote or
other action shall be maintained by the corporation.

(c)  The failure to hold an annual meeting at the time stated in or
fixed in accordance with a corporation's bylaws does not affect the
validity of any corporate action.

17‑16‑702.  Special meeting.

(a)  A corporation shall hold a special meeting of shareholders:

(i)  On call of its board of directors or the person or persons
authorized to do so by the articles of incorporation or bylaws; or

(ii)  If the holders of at least ten percent (10%) of all the votes
entitled to be cast on any issue proposed to be considered at the
proposed special meeting sign, date, and deliver to the corporation one
(1) or more written demands for the meeting describing the purpose or
purposes for which it is to be held, provided that the articles of
incorporation may fix a lower percentage or a higher percentage not
exceeding twenty-five percent (25%) of all the votes entitled to be cast
on any issue proposed to be considered. Unless otherwise provided in the
articles of incorporation, a written demand for a special meeting may be
revoked by a writing to that effect received by the corporation prior to
the receipt by the corporation of demands sufficient in number to
require the holding of a special meeting.

(b)  If not otherwise fixed under W.S. 17‑16‑703 or 17‑16‑707, the
record date for determining shareholders entitled to demand a special
meeting is the date the first shareholder signs the demand.

(c)  Special shareholders' meetings may be held in or out of this state
at the place stated in or fixed in accordance with the bylaws. If no
place is stated or fixed in accordance with the bylaws, special meetings
shall be held at the corporation's principal office.

(d)  Only business within the purpose or purposes described in the
meeting notice required by W.S. 17‑16‑705(c) may be conducted at a
special shareholders' meeting.

17‑16‑703.  Court-ordered meeting.

(a)  The district court of the county where a corporation's principal
office or, if none in this state, its registered office is located may
summarily order a meeting to be held:

(i)  On application of any shareholder of the corporation entitled to
participate in an annual meeting if an annual meeting was not held or
action by written consent in lieu thereof did not become effective
within the earlier of six (6) months after the end of the corporation's
fiscal year or fifteen (15) months after its last annual meeting; or

(ii)  On application of a shareholder who signed a demand for a special
meeting valid under W.S. 17‑16‑702, if:

(A)  Notice of the special meeting was not given within thirty (30) days
after the date the demand was delivered to the corporation's secretary;
or

(B)  The special meeting was not held in accordance with the notice.

(b)  The court may fix the time and place of the meeting, determine the
shares entitled to participate in the meeting, specify a record date for
determining shareholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the
meeting, prescribe the form and content of the meeting notice, fix the
quorum required for specific matters to be considered at the meeting or
direct that the votes represented at the meeting constitute a quorum for
action on those matters, and enter other orders necessary to accomplish
the purpose or purposes of the meeting.

17‑16‑704.  Action without meeting.

(a)  Action required or permitted by this act to be taken at a
shareholders' meeting may be taken without a meeting if the action is
taken by all the shareholders entitled to vote on the action. The action
shall be evidenced by one (1) or more written consents bearing the date
of signature and describing the action taken, signed by the holders of
the requisite number of shares entitled to vote on the action, and
delivered to the corporation for inclusion in the minutes or filing with
the corporate records.

(b)  The articles of incorporation may provide that any action required
or permitted by this act to be taken at a shareholders' meeting may be
taken without a meeting, and without prior notice, if consents in
writing setting forth the action so taken are signed by the holders of
outstanding shares having not less than the minimum number of votes that
would be required to authorize or take the action at a meeting at which
all shares entitled to vote on the action were present and voted. The
written consent shall bear the date of signature of the shareholder who
signs the consent and be delivered to the corporation for inclusion in
the minutes or filing with the corporate records.

(c)  If not otherwise fixed under W.S. 17‑16‑703 or 17‑16‑707, and if
prior board action is not required respecting the action to be taken
without a meeting, the record date for determining shareholders entitled
to take action without a meeting shall be the first date on which a
signed written consent is delivered to the corporation. If not otherwise
fixed under W.S. 17‑16‑707 and if prior board action is required
respecting the action to be taken without a meeting, the record date
shall be the close of business on the day the resolution of the board
taking such prior action is adopted. No written consent shall be
effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless,
within sixty (60) days of the earliest date on which a consent delivered
to the corporation as required by this section was signed, written
consents signed by sufficient shareholders to take the action have been
delivered to the corporation. A written consent may be revoked by a
writing to that effect delivered to the corporation before unrevoked
written consents sufficient in number to take corporate action are
delivered to the corporation.

(d)  A consent signed pursuant to the provisions of this section has the
effect of a vote taken at a meeting and may be described as such in any
document. Unless the articles of incorporation, bylaws or a resolution
of the board of directors provides for a reasonable delay to permit
tabulation of written consents, the action taken by written consent
shall be effective when written consents signed by sufficient
shareholders to take the action are delivered to the corporation.

(e)  If this act requires that notice of proposed action be given to
nonvoting shareholders and the action is to be taken by written consent
of the voting shareholders, the corporation shall give its nonvoting
shareholders written notice of the action not more than ten (10) days
after written consents sufficient to take the action have been delivered
to the corporation or the later date that tabulation of consents is
completed pursuant to the authorization under subsection (d) of this
section. The notice shall reasonably describe the action taken and
contain or be accompanied by the same material that, under any provision
of this act, would have been required to be sent to nonvoting
shareholders in a notice of meeting at which the proposed action would
have been submitted to the shareholders for action.

(f)  If action is taken by less than unanimous written consent of the
voting shareholders, the corporation shall give its nonconsenting voting
shareholders written notice of the action not more than ten (10) days
after written consents sufficient to take the action have been delivered
to the corporation, or the later date that tabulation of consents is
completed pursuant to an authorization under subsection (d) of this
section. The notice shall reasonably describe the action taken and
contain or be accompanied by the same material that, under any provision
of this act, would have been required to be sent to voting shareholders
in a notice of a meeting at which the action would have been submitted
to the shareholders for action.

(g)  The notice requirements in subsections (e) and (f) of this section
shall not delay the effectiveness of actions taken by written consent,
and a failure to comply with such notice requirements shall not
invalidate actions taken by written consent, provided that this
subsection shall not be deemed to limit judicial power to fashion any
appropriate remedy in favor of a shareholder adversely affected by a
failure to give the notice within the required time period.

(h)  An electronic transmission may be used to consent to an action, if
the electronic transmission contains or is accompanied by information
from which the corporation can determine the date on which the
electronic transmission was signed and that the electronic transmission
was authorized by the shareholder, the shareholder's agent or the
shareholder's attorney-in-fact.

(i)  Delivery of a written consent to the corporation under this section
is delivery to the corporation's registered agent at its registered
office or to the secretary of the corporation at its principal office.

17‑16‑705.  Notice of meeting.

(a)  A corporation shall notify shareholders of the date, time, place
and means of communication of each annual and special shareholders'
meeting no fewer than ten (10) nor more than sixty (60) days before the
meeting date. Unless this act or the articles of incorporation require
otherwise, the corporation is required to give notice only to
shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting.

(b)  Unless this act or the articles of incorporation require otherwise,
notice of an annual meeting need not include a description of the
purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called.

(c)  Notice of a special meeting shall include a description of the
purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called.

(d)  If not otherwise fixed under W.S. 17‑16‑703 or 17‑16‑707, the
record date for determining shareholders entitled to notice of and to
vote at an annual or special shareholders' meeting is the day before the
first notice is delivered to shareholders.

(e)  Unless the bylaws require otherwise, if an annual or special
shareholders' meeting is adjourned to a different date, time, place or
means of communication, notice need not be given of the new date, time,
place or means of communication if the new date, time place or means of
communication is announced at the meeting before adjournment. If a new
record date for the adjourned meeting is or shall be fixed under W.S.
17‑16‑707, however, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given under
this section to persons who are shareholders as of the new record date.

17‑16‑706.  Waiver of notice.

(a)  A shareholder may waive any notice required by this act, the
articles of incorporation, or bylaws before or after the date and time
stated in the notice. The waiver shall be in writing, be signed or shall
be sent by electronic transmission by the shareholder entitled to the
notice, and be delivered to the corporation for inclusion in the minutes
or filing with the corporate records.

(b)  A shareholder's attendance at a meeting:

(i)  Waives objection to lack of notice or defective notice of the
meeting, unless the shareholder at the beginning of the meeting objects
to holding the meeting or transacting business at the meeting; and

(ii)  Waives objection to consideration of a particular matter at the
meeting that is not within the purpose or purposes described in the
meeting notice, unless the shareholder objects to considering the matter
when it is presented.

17‑16‑707.  Record date.

(a)  The bylaws may fix or provide the manner of fixing the record date
for one (1) or more voting groups in order to determine the shareholders
entitled to notice of a shareholders' meeting, to demand a special
meeting, to vote, or to take any other action. If the bylaws do not fix
or provide for fixing a record date, the board of directors of the
corporation may fix a future date as the record date.

(b)  A record date fixed under this section may not be more than seventy
(70) days before the meeting or action requiring a determination of
shareholders.

(c)  A determination of shareholders entitled to notice of or to vote at
a shareholders' meeting is effective for any adjournment of the meeting
unless the board of directors fixes a new record date, which it shall do
if the meeting is adjourned to a date more than one hundred twenty (120)
days after the date fixed for the original meeting.

(d)  If a court orders a meeting adjourned to a date more than one
hundred twenty (120) days after the date fixed for the original meeting,
it may provide that the original record date continues in effect or it
may fix a new record date.

17‑16‑708.  Conduct of the meeting.

(a)  At each meeting of shareholders, a chair shall preside. The chair
shall be appointed as provided in the bylaws or, in the absence of such
provision, by the board.

(b)  The chair, unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws provide
otherwise, shall determine the order of business and shall have the
authority to establish rules for the conduct of the meeting.

(c)  Any rules adopted for, and the conduct of, the meeting shall be
fair to shareholders.

(d)  The chair of the meeting shall announce at the meeting when the
polls close for each matter voted upon. If no announcement is made, the
polls shall be deemed to have closed upon the final adjournment of the
meeting. After the polls close, no ballots, proxies or votes nor any
revocations or changes thereto may be accepted.

17‑16‑720.  Shareholders' list for meeting.

(a)  After fixing a record date for a meeting, a corporation shall
prepare an alphabetical list of the names of all its shareholders who
are entitled to notice of a shareholders' meeting. The list shall be
arranged by voting group, and within each voting group by class or
series of shares, and show the address of and number of shares held by
each shareholder.

(b)  The shareholders' list shall be available for inspection by any
shareholder, beginning two (2) business days after notice of the meeting
is given for which the list was prepared and continuing through the
meeting, at the corporation's principal office or at a place identified
in the meeting notice in the city where the meeting will be held. A
shareholder, his agent, or attorney is entitled on written demand to
inspect and, subject to the requirements of W.S. 17‑16‑1602(c), to copy
the list, during regular business hours and at the shareholder's
expense, during the period it is available for inspection.

(c)  The corporation shall make the shareholders' list available at the
meeting, and any shareholder, his agent, or attorney is entitled to
inspect the list at any time during the meeting or any adjournment.

(d)  If the corporation refuses to allow a shareholder, his agent, or
attorney to inspect the shareholders' list before or at the meeting, or
to copy the list as permitted by subsection (b) of this section, the
district court of the county where a corporation's principal office or,
if none in this state, its registered office, is located, on application
of the shareholder, may summarily order the inspection or copying at the
corporation's expense, order payment by the corporation of the
shareholder's cost of suit including reasonable attorney fees and may
postpone the meeting for which the list was prepared until the
inspection or copying is complete.

(e)  Refusal or failure to prepare or make available the shareholders'
list does not affect the validity of action taken at the meeting.

17‑16‑721.  Voting entitlement of shares.

(a)  Except as provided in subsections (b) and (d) of this section or
unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise, each outstanding
share, regardless of class, is entitled to one (1) vote on each matter
voted on at a shareholders' meeting. Only shares are entitled to vote.

(b)  Unless authorized by a district court, the shares of a corporation
are not entitled to vote if they are owned, directly or indirectly, by a
second corporation, domestic or foreign, and the first corporation owns,
directly or indirectly, a majority of the shares entitled to vote for
directors of the second corporation.

(c)  Subsection (b) of this section does not limit the power of a
corporation to vote any shares, including its own shares, held by it in
a fiduciary capacity.

(d)  Redeemable shares are not entitled to vote after notice of
redemption is mailed to the holders and a sum sufficient to redeem the
shares has been deposited with a bank, trust company, or other financial
institution under an irrevocable obligation to pay the holders the
redemption price on surrender of the shares.

17‑16‑722.  Proxies.

(a)  A shareholder may vote his shares in person or by proxy.

(b)  A shareholder or his agent or attorney-in-fact may appoint a proxy
to vote or otherwise act for the shareholder by signing an appointment
form or by an electronic transmission. An electronic transmission shall
contain or be accompanied by information from which one can determine
that the shareholder, the shareholder's agent, or the shareholder's
attorney-in-fact authorized the electronic transmission.

(c)  An appointment of a proxy is effective when a signed appointment
form or an electronic transmission of the appointment is received by the
inspector of election or the officer or agent of the corporation
authorized to tabulate votes. An appointment is valid for eleven (11)
months unless a longer period is expressly provided in the appointment
form.

(d)  An appointment of a proxy is revocable unless the appointment form
or electronic transmission states that it is irrevocable and the
appointment is coupled with an interest. Appointments coupled with an
interest include the appointment of:

(i)  A pledgee;

(ii)  A person who purchased or agreed to purchase the shares;

(iii)  A creditor of the corporation who extended it credit under terms
requiring the appointment;

(iv)  An employee of the corporation whose employment contract requires
the appointment; or

(v)  A party to a voting agreement created under W.S. 17‑16‑731.

(e)  The death or incapacity of the shareholder appointing a proxy does
not affect the right of the corporation to accept the proxy's authority
unless notice of the death or incapacity is received by the secretary or
other officer or agent authorized to tabulate votes before the proxy
exercises his authority under the appointment.

(f)  An appointment made irrevocable under subsection (d) of this
section is revoked when the interest with which it is coupled is
extinguished.

(g)  A transferee for value of shares subject to an irrevocable
appointment may revoke the appointment if he did not know of its
existence when he acquired the shares and the existence of the
irrevocable appointment was not noted conspicuously on the certificate
representing the shares or on the information statement for shares
without certificates.

(h)  Subject to W.S. 17‑16‑724 and to any express limitation on the
proxy's authority stated in the appointment form or electronic
transmission, a corporation is entitled to accept the proxy's vote or
other action as that of the shareholder making the appointment.

17‑16‑723.  Shares held by nominees.

(a)  A corporation may establish a procedure by which the beneficial
owner of shares that are registered in the name of a nominee is
recognized by the corporation as the shareholder. The extent of this
recognition may be determined in the procedure.

(b)  The procedure may set forth:

(i)  The types of nominees to which it applies;

(ii)  The rights or privileges that the corporation recognizes in a
beneficial owner;

(iii)  The manner in which the procedure is selected by the nominee;

(iv)  The information that shall be provided when the procedure is
selected;

(v)  The period for which selection of the procedure is effective; and

(vi)  Other aspects of the rights and duties created.

17‑16‑724.  Corporation's acceptance of votes.

(a)  If the name signed on a vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment
corresponds to the name of a shareholder, the corporation if acting in
good faith is entitled to accept the vote, consent, waiver, or proxy
appointment and give it effect as the act of the shareholder.

(b)  If the name signed on a vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment
does not correspond to the name of its shareholder, the corporation if
acting in good faith is nevertheless entitled to accept the vote,
consent, waiver, or proxy appointment and give it effect as the act of
the shareholder if:

(i)  The shareholder is an entity and the name signed purports to be
that of an officer or agent of the entity;

(ii)  The name signed purports to be that of an administrator, executor,
guardian, or conservator representing the shareholder and, if the
corporation requests, evidence of fiduciary status acceptable to the
corporation has been presented with respect to the vote, consent,
waiver, or proxy appointment;

(iii)  The name signed purports to be that of a receiver or trustee in
bankruptcy of the shareholder and, if the corporation requests, evidence
of this status acceptable to the corporation has been presented with
respect to the vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment;

(iv)  The name signed purports to be that of a pledgee, beneficial
owner, or attorney‑in‑fact of the shareholder and, if the corporation
requests, evidence acceptable to the corporation of the signatory's
authority to sign for the shareholder has been presented with respect to
the vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment; or

(v)  Two (2) or more persons are the shareholder as cotenants or
fiduciaries and the name signed purports to be the name of at least one
(1) of the coowners and the person signing appears to be acting on
behalf of all the coowners.

(c)  The corporation is entitled to reject a vote, consent, waiver, or
proxy appointment if the secretary or other officer or agent authorized
to tabulate votes, acting in good faith, has reasonable basis for doubt
about the validity of the signature on it or about the signatory's
authority to sign for the shareholder.

(d)  The corporation and its officer or agent who accepts or rejects a
vote, consent, waiver, or proxy appointment in good faith and in
accordance with the standards of this section or W.S. 17‑16‑722(b) are
not liable in damages to the shareholder for the consequences of the
acceptance or rejection.

(e)  Corporate action based on the acceptance or rejection of a vote,
consent, waiver, or proxy appointment under this section or W.S.
17‑16‑722(b) is valid unless a court of competent jurisdiction
determines otherwise.

17‑16‑725.  Quorum and voting requirements for voting groups.

(a)  Shares entitled to vote as a separate voting group may take action
on a matter at a meeting only if a quorum of those shares exists with
respect to that matter. Unless the articles of incorporation or this act
provide otherwise, a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the
matter by the voting group constitutes a quorum of that voting group for
action on that matter.

(b)  Once a share is represented for any purpose at a meeting, it is
deemed present for quorum purposes for the remainder of the meeting and
for any adjournment of that meeting unless a new record date is or shall
be set for that adjourned meeting.

(c)  If a quorum exists, action on a matter other than the election of
directors by a voting group is approved if the votes cast within the
voting group favoring the action exceed the votes cast opposing the
action, unless the articles of incorporation or this act require a
greater number of affirmative votes.

(d)  An amendment of articles of incorporation adding, changing or
deleting a quorum or voting requirement for a voting group greater or
lesser than specified in subsection (a) or (c) of this section is
governed by W.S. 17‑16‑727.

(e)  The election of directors is governed by W.S. 17‑16‑728.

17‑16‑726.  Action by single and multiple voting groups.

(a)  If the articles of incorporation or this act provide for voting by
a single voting group on a matter, action on that matter is taken when
voted upon by that voting group as provided in W.S. 17‑16‑725.

(b)  If the articles of incorporation or this act provide for voting by
two (2) or more voting groups on a matter, action on that matter is
taken only when voted upon by each of those voting groups counted
separately as provided in W.S. 17‑16‑725. Action may be taken by one (1)
voting group on a matter even though no action is taken by another
voting group entitled to vote on the matter.

17‑16‑727.  Changing quorum or voting requirements.

(a)  The articles of incorporation may provide for a greater or lesser
quorum or voting requirement for shareholders, or voting groups of
shareholders, than is provided for by this act.

(b)  An amendment to the articles of incorporation that adds, changes or
deletes a quorum or voting requirement shall meet the same quorum
requirement and be adopted by the same vote and voting groups required
to take action under the quorum and voting requirements then in effect
or proposed to be adopted, whichever is greater.

17‑16‑728.  Voting for directors; cumulative voting.

(a)  Unless otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation,
directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the shares
entitled to vote in the election at a meeting at which a quorum is
present.

(b)  Shareholders do not have a right to cumulate their votes for
directors unless the articles of incorporation so provide.

(c)  A statement included in the articles of incorporation that "\[all\]
\[a designated voting group of\] shareholders are entitled to cumulate
their votes for directors," or words of similar import, means that the
shareholders designated are entitled to multiply the number of votes
they are entitled to cast by the number of directors for whom they are
entitled to vote and cast the product for a single candidate or
distribute the product among two (2) or more candidates.

(d)  Shares otherwise entitled to vote cumulatively may not be voted
cumulatively at a particular meeting unless:

(i)  The meeting notice or proxy statement accompanying the notice
states conspicuously that cumulative voting is authorized; or

(ii)  A shareholder who has the right to cumulate his votes gives notice
to the corporation not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time
set for the meeting of the shareholder's intent to cumulate his votes
during the meeting. If one (1) shareholder gives this notice all other
shareholders in the same voting group participating in the election are
entitled to cumulate their votes without giving further notice.

17‑16‑729.  Inspectors of election.

(a)  A public corporation shall, and any other corporation may, appoint
one (1) or more inspectors to act at a meeting of shareholders and make
a written report of the inspectors' determinations. Each inspector shall
take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with
strict impartiality and according to the best of the inspector's
ability.

(b)  The inspectors shall:

(i)  Ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of
each;

(ii)  Determine the shares represented at a meeting;

(iii)  Determine the validity of proxies and ballots;

(iv)  Count all votes; and

(v)  Determine the result.

(c)  An inspector may be an officer or employee of the corporation.

17‑16‑730.  Voting trusts.

(a)  One (1) or more shareholders may create a voting trust, conferring
on a trustee the right to vote or otherwise act for them, by signing an
agreement setting out the provisions of the trust, which may include
anything consistent with its purpose, and transferring their shares to
the trustee. When a voting trust agreement is signed, the trustee shall
prepare a list of the names and addresses of all owners of beneficial
interests in the trust, together with the number and class of shares
each transferred to the trust, and deliver copies of the list and
agreement to the corporation's principal office.

(b)  A voting trust becomes effective on the date the first shares
subject to the trust are registered in the trustee's name. A voting
trust is valid for not more than ten (10) years after its effective date
unless extended under subsection (c) of this section.

(c)  All or some of the parties to a voting trust may extend it for
additional terms of not more than ten (10) years each by signing written
consent to the extension. An extension is valid for ten (10) years from
the date the first shareholder signs the extension agreement. The voting
trustee shall deliver copies of the extension agreement and list of
beneficial owners to the corporation's principal office. An extension
agreement binds only those parties signing it.

17‑16‑731.  Voting agreements.

(a)  Two (2) or more shareholders may provide for the manner in which
they will vote their shares by signing an agreement for that purpose. A
voting agreement created under this section is not subject to the
provisions of W.S. 17‑16‑730.

(b)  A voting agreement created under this section is specifically
enforceable.

17‑16‑732.  Shareholder agreements.

(a)  An agreement among the shareholders of a corporation that complies
with this section is effective among the shareholders and the
corporation even though it is inconsistent with one (1) or more other
provisions of this act in that it:

(i)  Eliminates the board of directors or restricts the discretion or
powers of the board of directors;

(ii)  Governs the authorization or making of distributions whether or
not in proportion to ownership of shares, subject to the limitations in
W.S. 17‑16‑640;

(iii)  Establishes who shall be directors or officers of the
corporation, or their terms of office or manner of selection or removal;

(iv)  Governs, in general or in regard to specific matters, the exercise
or division of voting power by or between the shareholders and directors
or by or among any of them, including use of weighted voting rights or
director proxies;

(v)  Establishes the terms and conditions of any agreement for the
transfer or use of property or the provision of services between the
corporation and any shareholder, director, officer or employee of the
corporation or among any of them;

(vi)  Transfers to one (1) or more shareholders or other persons all or
part of the authority to exercise the corporate powers or to manage the
business and affairs of the corporation, including the resolution of any
issue about which there exists a deadlock among directors or
shareholders;

(vii)  Requires dissolution of the corporation at the request of one (1)
or more of the shareholders or upon the occurrence of a specified event
or contingency; or

(viii)  Otherwise governs the exercise of the corporate powers or the
management of the business and affairs of the corporation or the
relationship among the shareholders, the directors and the corporation,
or among any of them, and is not contrary to public policy.

(b)  An agreement authorized by this section shall be:

(i)  Set forth:

(A)  In the articles of incorporation or bylaws and approved by all
persons who are shareholders at the time of the agreement; or

(B)  In a written agreement that is signed by all persons who are
shareholders at the time of the agreement and which agreement is made
known to the corporation.

(ii)  Subject to amendment only by all persons who are shareholders at
the time of the amendment, unless the agreement provides otherwise; and

(iii)  Valid for ten (10) years, unless the agreement provides
otherwise. Nothing herein affects agreements in force on July 1, 1997.

(c)  The existence of an agreement authorized by this section shall be
noted conspicuously on the front or back of each certificate for
outstanding shares or on the information statement required by W.S.
17‑16‑626(b). If at the time of the agreement the corporation has shares
outstanding represented by certificates, the corporation shall recall
the outstanding certificates and issue substitute certificates that
comply with this subsection. The failure to note the existence of the
agreement on the certificate or information statement shall not affect
the validity of the agreement or any action taken pursuant to it. Any
purchaser of shares who, at the time of purchase, did not have knowledge
of the existence of the agreement shall be entitled to rescission of the
purchase. A purchaser shall be deemed to have knowledge of the existence
of the agreement if its existence is noted on the certificate or
information statement for the shares in compliance with this subsection
and, if the shares are not represented by a certificate, the information
statement is delivered to the purchaser at or prior to the time of
purchase of the shares. An action to enforce the right of rescission
authorized by this subsection must be commenced within the earlier of
ninety (90) days after discovery of the existence of the agreement or
two (2) years after the time of purchase of the shares.

(d)  An agreement authorized by this section shall cease to be effective
when the corporation becomes a public corporation. If the agreement
ceases to be effective for any reason, the board of directors may, if
the agreement is contained or referred to in the corporation's articles
of incorporation or bylaws, adopt an amendment to the articles of
incorporation or bylaws, without shareholder action, to delete the
agreement and any references to it.

(e)  An agreement authorized by this section that limits the discretion
or powers of the board of directors shall relieve the directors of, and
impose upon the person or persons in whom such discretion or powers are
vested, liability for acts or omissions imposed by law on directors to
the extent that the discretion or powers of the directors are limited by
the agreement.

(f)  The existence or performance of an agreement authorized by this
section shall not be a ground for imposing personal liability on any
shareholder for the acts or debts of the corporation even if the
agreement or its performance treats the corporation as if it were a
partnership or results in failure to observe the corporate formalities
otherwise applicable to the matters governed by the agreement.

(g)  Incorporators or subscribers for shares may act as shareholders
with respect to an agreement authorized by this section if no shares
have been issued when the agreement is made.

17‑16‑740.  Subarticle definitions.

(a)  As used in this subarticle:

(i)  "Derivative proceeding" means a civil suit in the right of a
domestic corporation or, to the extent provided in W.S. 17‑16‑747, in
the right of a foreign corporation;

(ii)  "Shareholder" includes a beneficial owner whose shares are held in
a voting trust or held by a nominee on the beneficial owner's behalf.

17‑16‑741.  Standing.

(a)  A shareholder may not commence or maintain a derivative proceeding
unless the shareholder:

(i)  Was a shareholder of the corporation at the time of the act or
omission complained of, or became a shareholder through transfer by
operation of law from one who was a shareholder at the time; and

(ii)  Fairly and adequately represents the interests of the corporation
in enforcing the right of the corporation.

17‑16‑742.  Demand.

(a)  No shareholder may commence a derivative proceeding until:

(i)  A written demand has been made upon the corporation to take
suitable action; and

(ii)  Ninety (90) days have expired from the date the demand was made
unless the shareholder has earlier been notified that the demand has
been rejected by the corporation or unless irreparable injury to the
corporation would result by waiting for the expiration of the ninety
(90) day period.

17‑16‑743.  Stay of proceedings.

If the corporation commences an inquiry into the allegations made in the
demand or complaint, the court may stay any derivative proceeding for
such period as the court deems appropriate.

17‑16‑744.  Dismissal.

(a)  A derivative proceeding shall be dismissed by the court on motion
by the corporation if one (1) of the groups specified in subsection (b)
or (e) of this section has determined in good faith after conducting a
reasonable inquiry upon which its conclusions are based that the
maintenance of the derivative proceeding is not in the best interests of
the corporation.

(b)  Unless a panel is appointed pursuant to subsection (e) of this
section, the determination in subsection (a) of this section shall be
made by:

(i)  A majority vote of qualified directors present at a meeting of the
board of directors if the qualified directors constitute a quorum; or

(ii)  A majority vote of a committee consisting of two (2) or more
qualified directors appointed by majority vote of qualified directors
present at a meeting of the board of directors, regardless of whether
such qualified directors constitute a quorum.

(c)  If a derivative proceeding is commenced after a determination has
been made rejecting a demand by a shareholder, the complaint shall
allege with particularity facts establishing either:

(i)  That a majority of the board of directors did not consist of
qualified directors at the time the determination was made; or

(ii)  That the requirements of subsection (a) of this section have not
been met.

(d)  If a majority of the board of directors consisted of qualified
directors at the time the determination was made, the plaintiff shall
have the burden of proving that the requirements of subsection (a) of
this section have not been met; if not, the corporation shall have the
burden of proving that the requirements of subsection (a) of this
section have been met.

(e)  Upon motion by the corporation or any interested party, the court
may appoint a panel of one (1) or more individuals to make a
determination whether the maintenance of the derivative proceeding is in
the best interests of the corporation. In such case, the plaintiff shall
have the burden of proving that the requirements of subsection (a) of
this section have not been met.

17‑16‑745.  Discontinuance or settlement.

A derivative proceeding may not be discontinued or settled without the
court's approval. If the court determines that a proposed discontinuance
or settlement will substantially affect the interests of the
corporation's shareholders or a class of shareholders, the court shall
direct that notice be given to the shareholders affected.

17‑16‑746.  Payment of expenses.

(a)  On termination of the derivative proceeding the court may:

(i)  Order the corporation to pay the plaintiff's reasonable expenses,
including counsel fees, incurred in the proceeding if it finds that the
proceeding resulted in a substantial benefit to the corporation;

(ii)  Order the plaintiff to pay any defendant's reasonable expenses,
including counsel fees, incurred in defending the proceeding if it finds
that the proceeding was commenced or maintained without reasonable cause
or for an improper purpose; or

(iii)  Order a party to pay an opposing party's reasonable expenses,
including counsel fees, incurred because of the filing of a pleading,
motion or other paper, if it finds that the pleading, motion or other
paper was not well grounded in fact, after reasonable inquiry, or
warranted by existing law or a good faith argument for the extension,
modification or reversal of existing law and was interposed for an
improper purpose, such as to harass or to cause unnecessary delay or
needless increase in the cost of litigation.

17‑16‑747.  Applicability to foreign corporations.

In any derivative proceeding in the right of a foreign corporation, the
matters covered by this subarticle shall be governed by the laws of the
jurisdiction of incorporation of the foreign corporation except for W.S.
17‑16‑743, 17‑16‑745 and 17‑16‑746.

17‑16‑748.  Shareholder action to appoint custodian or receiver.

(a)  The district court may appoint one (1) or more persons to be
custodians, or, if the corporation is insolvent, to be receivers, of and
for a corporation in a proceeding by a shareholder where it is
established that:

(i)  The directors are deadlocked in the management of the corporate
affairs, the shareholders are unable to break the deadlock, and
irreparable injury to the corporation is threatened or being suffered;
or

(ii)  The directors or those in control of the corporation are acting
fraudulently and irreparable injury to the corporation is threatened or
being suffered.

(b)  The court:

(i)  May issue injunctions, appoint a temporary custodian or temporary
receiver with all the powers and duties the court directs, take other
action to preserve the corporate assets wherever located, and carry on
the business of the corporation until a full hearing is held;

(ii)  Shall hold a full hearing, after notifying all parties to the
proceeding and any interested persons designated by the court, before
appointing a custodian or receiver; and

(iii)  Has jurisdiction over the corporation and all of its property,
wherever located.

(c)  The court may appoint an individual or domestic or foreign
corporation authorized to transact business in this state as a custodian
or receiver and may require the custodian or receiver to post bond, with
or without sureties, in an amount the court directs.

(d)  The court shall describe the powers and duties of the custodian or
receiver in its appointing order, which may be amended from time to
time. Among other powers:

(i)  A custodian may exercise all of the powers of the corporation,
through or in place of its board of directors, to the extent necessary
to manage the business and affairs of the corporation; and

(ii)  A receiver:

(A)  May dispose of all or any part of the assets of the corporation
wherever located, at a public or private sale, if authorized by the
court; and

(B)  May sue and defend in the receiver's own name as receiver in all
courts of this state.

(e)  The court during a custodianship may redesignate the custodian a
receiver, and during a receivership may redesignate the receiver a
custodian, if doing so is in the best interests of the corporation.

(f)  The court from time to time during the custodianship or
receivership may order compensation paid and expense disbursements or
reimbursements made to the custodian or receiver from the assets of the
corporation or proceeds from the sale of its assets.

ARTICLE 8

DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

17‑16‑801.  Requirement for and functions of board of directors.

(a)  Except as provided in W.S. 17‑16‑732, each corporation shall have a
board of directors.

(b)  All corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the authority
of the board of directors of the corporation, and the business and
affairs of the corporation shall be managed by or under the direction,
and subject to the oversight, of its board of directors, subject to any
limitation set forth in the articles of incorporation or in an agreement
authorized under W.S. 17‑16‑732.

(c)  In the case of a public corporation, the board's oversight
responsibilities include attention to:

(i)  Business performance and plans;

(ii)  Major risks to which the corporation is or may be exposed;

(iii)  The performance and compensation of the chief executive officer;

(iv)  Policies and practices to foster the corporation's compliance with
law and ethical conduct;

(v)  Preparation of the corporation's financial statements;

(vi)  The effectiveness of the corporation's internal controls;

(vii)  Arrangements for providing adequate and timely information to
directors; and

(viii)  The composition of the board and its committees, taking into
account the important role of independent directors.

17‑16‑802.  Qualifications of directors.

The articles of incorporation or bylaws may prescribe qualifications for
directors. A director need not be a resident of this state or a
shareholder of the corporation unless the articles of incorporation or
bylaws so prescribe.

17‑16‑803.  Number and election of directors.

(a)  A board of directors shall consist of one (1) or more individuals,
with the number specified in or fixed in accordance with the articles of
incorporation or bylaws.

(b)  The number of directors may be increased or decreased from time to
time by amendment to, or in the manner provided in, the articles of
incorporation or the bylaws.

(c)  Directors are elected at the first annual shareholders' meeting and
at each annual meeting thereafter unless their terms are staggered under
W.S. 17‑16‑806.

(d)  The articles of incorporation or bylaws may establish a variable
range for the size of the board of directors by fixing a minimum and
maximum number of directors. If a variable range is established, the
number of directors may be fixed or changed from time to time within the
minimum and maximum, by the shareholders or the board of directors.
After shares are issued, only the shareholders may change the range for
the size of the board or change from a fixed to a variable‑range size
board or vice versa.

17‑16‑804.  Election of directors by certain classes of shareholders.

If the articles of incorporation authorize dividing the shares into
classes, the articles may also authorize the election of all or a
specified number of directors by the holders of one (1) or more
authorized classes of shares. A class or classes of shares entitled to
elect one (1) or more directors is a separate voting group for purposes
of the election of directors.

17‑16‑805.  Terms of directors generally.

(a)  The terms of the initial directors of a corporation expire at the
first shareholders' meeting at which directors are elected.

(b)  The terms of all other directors expire at the next, or if their
terms are staggered in accordance with W.S. 17‑16‑806, at the applicable
second or third, annual shareholders' meeting following their election
except to the extent:

(i)  Provided in W.S. 17‑16‑1022 if a bylaw electing to be governed by
that section is in effect; or

(ii)  A shorter term is specified in the articles of incorporation in
the event of a director nominee failing to receive a specified vote for
election.

(c)  A decrease in the number of directors does not shorten an incumbent
director's term.

(d)  The term of a director elected to fill a vacancy expires at the
next shareholders' meeting at which directors are elected.

(e)  Despite the expiration of a director's term, he continues to serve
until his successor is elected and qualifies or until there is a
decrease in the number of directors.

17‑16‑806.  Staggered terms for directors.

The articles of incorporation may provide for staggering the terms of
directors by dividing the total number of directors into two (2) or
three (3) groups, with each group containing one-half (1/2) or one-third
(1/3) of the total, as near as may be practicable. In that event, the
terms of directors in the first group expire at the first annual
shareholders' meeting after their election, the terms of the second
group expire at the second annual shareholders' meeting after their
election, and the terms of the third group, if any, expire at the third
annual shareholders' meeting after their election. At each annual
shareholders' meeting held thereafter, directors shall be chosen for a
term of two (2) years or three (3) years, as the case may be, to succeed
those whose terms expire.

17‑16‑807.  Resignation of directors.

(a)  A director may resign at any time by written notice or by
electronic transmission delivered to the board of directors, its
chairman, or to the corporation.

(b)  A resignation is effective when the resignation is delivered unless
the resignation specifies a later effective date or an effective date
determined upon the happening of an event or events. A resignation that
is conditioned upon failing to receive a specified vote for election as
a director may provide that it is irrevocable.

17‑16‑808.  Removal of directors by shareholders.

(a)  The shareholders may remove one (1) or more directors with or
without cause unless the articles of incorporation provide that
directors may be removed only for cause.

(b)  If a director is elected by a voting group of shareholders, only
the shareholders of that voting group may participate in the vote to
remove that director.

(c)  If cumulative voting is authorized, a director may not be removed
if the number of votes sufficient to elect the director under cumulative
voting is voted against his removal. If cumulative voting is not
authorized, a director may be removed only if the number of votes cast
to remove the director exceeds the number of votes cast not to remove
the director.

(d)  A director may be removed by the shareholders only at a meeting
called for the purpose of removing the director and the meeting notice
shall state that the purpose, or one (1) of the purposes, of the meeting
is removal of the director.

17‑16‑809.  Removal of directors by judicial proceeding.

(a)  The district court of the county where a corporation's principal
office, or if none in this state, its registered office, is located may
remove a director of the corporation from office in a proceeding
commenced by or in the right of the corporation if the court finds that:

(i)  The director engaged in fraudulent conduct with respect to the
corporation or its shareholders, grossly abused the position of
director, or intentionally inflicted harm on the corporation; and

(ii)  Considering the director's course of conduct and the inadequacy of
other available remedies, removal would be in the best interest of the
corporation.

(b)  A shareholder proceeding on behalf of the corporation under
subsection (a) of this section shall comply with all of the requirements
of W.S. 17‑16‑740 through 17‑16‑747 excluding W.S. 17‑16‑741(a)(i).

(c)  The court in addition to removing a director may bar the director
from reelection for a period prescribed by the court.

(d)  Nothing in this section limits the equitable powers of the court to
order other relief including, but not limited to, an award of expenses.

17‑16‑810.  Vacancy on board.

(a)  Unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise, if a
vacancy occurs on a board of directors, including a vacancy resulting
from an increase in the number of directors:

(i)  The shareholders may fill the vacancy;

(ii)  The board of directors may fill the vacancy; or

(iii)  If the directors remaining in office constitute fewer than a
quorum of the board, they may fill the vacancy by the affirmative vote
of a majority of all the directors remaining in office.

(b)  If the vacant office was held by a director elected by a voting
group of shareholders, only the holders of shares of that voting group
are entitled to vote to fill the vacancy if it is filled by the
shareholders, and only the directors elected by that voting group are
entitled to fill the vacancy if it is filled by the directors.

(c)  A vacancy that will occur at a later date, by reason of a
resignation effective at a later date under W.S. 17‑16‑807(b) or
otherwise, may be filled before the vacancy occurs but the new director
may not take office until the vacancy occurs.

17‑16‑811.  Compensation of directors.

Unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws provide otherwise, the
board of directors may fix the compensation of directors.

17‑16‑820.  Meetings.

(a)  The board of directors may hold regular or special meetings within
or outside of this state.

(b)  Unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws provide otherwise,
the board of directors may permit any or all directors to participate in
a regular or special meeting by, or conduct the meeting through the use
of, any means of communication, including electronic transmission by
which all directors participating may communicate with each other during
the meeting. A director participating in a meeting by this means is
deemed to be present in person at the meeting.

17‑16‑821.  Action without meeting.

(a)  Unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws provide otherwise,
action required or permitted by this act to be taken at a board of
directors' meeting may be taken without a meeting if the action is taken
by the requisite number of members of the board. The action shall be
evidenced by one (1) or more written consents describing the action
taken, signed by the requisite number of directors, or shall be sent by
electronic transmission by the requisite number of directors, and shall
be included in the minutes or filed with the corporate records
reflecting the action taken.

(b)  Action taken under this section is the act of the board of
directors when one (1) or more consents signed by the requisite number
of directors are delivered to the corporation. The consent may specify
the time at which the action taken thereunder is to be effective. A
director's consent may be withdrawn by a revocation signed by the
director and delivered to the corporation prior to delivery to the
corporation of unrevoked written consents signed by the requisite number
of directors. If action is taken by less than unanimous written consent
of the directors, the corporation shall give the nonconsenting or
nonvoting directors written notice of the action not more than ten (10)
days after written consents sufficient to take the action have been
delivered to the corporation. The notice shall reasonably describe the
action taken. The requirement to give the notice shall not delay the
effectiveness of actions taken by the written consent, and a failure to
comply with the notice requirements shall not invalidate actions taken
by written consent, provided that this subsection shall not be deemed to
limit judicial power to fashion any appropriate remedy in favor of a
director adversely affected by a failure to give the notice within the
required time period.

(c)  A consent signed under this section has the effect of action taken
at a meeting of the board of directors and may be described as such in
any document.

17‑16‑822.  Notice of meeting.

(a)  Unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws provide otherwise,
regular meetings of the board of directors may be held without notice of
the date, time, place or purpose of the meeting.

(b)  Unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws provide for a longer
or shorter period, special meetings of the board of directors shall be
preceded by at least two (2) days notice of the date, time and place of
the meeting. The notice need not describe the purpose of the special
meeting unless required by the articles of incorporation or bylaws.

17‑16‑823.  Waiver of notice.

(a)  A director may waive any notice required by this act, the articles
of incorporation, or bylaws before or after the date and time stated in
the notice. Except as provided by subsection (b) of this section, the
waiver shall be in writing, signed by the director entitled to the
notice, and filed with the minutes or corporate records.

(b)  A director's attendance at or participation in a meeting waives any
required notice to the director of the meeting unless the director at
the beginning of the meeting or promptly upon his arrival objects to
holding the meeting or transacting business at the meeting and does not
thereafter vote for or assent to action taken at the meeting.

17‑16‑824.  Quorum and voting.

(a)  Unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws require a greater
number or unless otherwise specifically provided in this act, a quorum
of a board of directors consists of:

(i)  A majority of the fixed number of directors if the corporation has
a fixed board size; or

(ii)  A majority of the number of directors prescribed, or if no number
is prescribed the number in office immediately before the meeting
begins, if the corporation has a variable‑range size board.

(b)  The articles of incorporation or bylaws may authorize a quorum of a
board of directors to consist of no fewer than one‑third (1/3) of the
fixed or prescribed number of directors determined under subsection (a)
of this section.

(c)  If a quorum is present when a vote is taken, the affirmative vote
of a majority of directors present is the act of the board of directors
unless the articles of incorporation or bylaws require the vote of a
greater number of directors.

(d)  The right to dissent or abstention is not available to a director
who votes in favor of the action taken. A director who is present at a
meeting of the board of directors or a committee of the board of
directors when corporate action is taken is deemed to have assented to
the action taken unless:

(i)  The director objects at the beginning of the meeting or promptly
upon his arrival to holding the meeting or transacting business at the
meeting;

(ii)  The director's dissent or abstention from the action taken is
entered in the minutes of the meeting; or

(iii)  The director delivers written notice of his dissent or abstention
to the presiding officer of the meeting before its adjournment or to the
corporation immediately after adjournment of the meeting.

17‑16‑825.  Committees.

(a)  Unless this act, the articles of incorporation or bylaws provide
otherwise, a board of directors may create one (1) or more committees
and appoint one (1) or more members of the board of directors to serve
on any committee.

(b)  The creation of a committee and appointment of members to it shall
be approved by the greater of:

(i)  A majority of all the directors in office when the action is taken;
or

(ii)  The number of directors required by the articles of incorporation
or bylaws to take action under W.S. 17‑16‑824.

(c)  W.S. 17‑16‑820 through 17‑16‑824 apply to committees and their
members as well.

(d)  To the extent specified by the board of directors or in the
articles of incorporation or bylaws, each committee may exercise the
authority of the board of directors under W.S. 17‑16‑801.

(e)  A committee may not, unless specifically authorized by the board of
directors:

(i)  Authorize or approve distributions except according to a formula or
method, or within limits, prescribed by the board of directors;

(ii)  Approve or propose to shareholders action that this act requires
to be approved by shareholders;

(iii)  Fill vacancies on the board of directors or, subject to
subsection (g) of this section, on any of its committees;

(iv)  Adopt, amend or repeal bylaws.

(f)  The creation of, delegation of authority to, or action by a
committee does not alone constitute compliance by a director with the
standards of conduct described in W.S. 17‑16‑830.

(g)  The board of directors may appoint one (1) or more directors as
alternate members of any committee to replace any absent or disqualified
member during the member's absence or disqualification. Unless the
articles of incorporation or the bylaws or the resolution creating the
committee provide otherwise, in the event of the absence or
disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members
present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, unanimously,
may appoint another director to act in place of the absent or
disqualified member.

17‑16‑830.  General standards for directors.

(a)  Each member of the board of directors, when discharging the duties
of a director, shall act:

(i)  In good faith; and

(ii)  In a manner he reasonably believes to be in or at least not
opposed to the best interests of the corporation.

(b)  The members of the board of directors or a committee of the board,
when becoming informed in connection with their decision making function
or devoting attention to their oversight function, shall discharge their
duties with the care that a person in a like position would reasonably
believe appropriate under similar circumstances.

(c)  In discharging board or committee duties a director shall disclose,
or cause to be disclosed, to the other board or committee members
information not already known by them but known by the director to be
material to the discharge of their decision making or oversight
functions, except that disclosure is not required to the extent that the
director reasonably believes that doing so would violate a duty imposed
under law, a legally enforceable obligation of confidentiality or a
professional ethics rule.

(d)  In discharging board or committee duties a director who does not
have knowledge that makes reliance unwarranted is entitled to rely on
the performance by any of the persons specified in paragraph (f)(i) or
(iii) of this section to whom the board may have delegated, formally or
informally by course of conduct, the authority or duty to perform one
(1) or more of the board's functions that are delegable under applicable
law.

(e)  In discharging board or committee duties a director who does not
have knowledge that makes reliance unwarranted is entitled to rely on
information, opinions, reports or statements, including financial
statements and other financial data, prepared or presented by any of the
persons specified in subsection (f) of this section.

(f)  A director is entitled to rely in accordance with subsections (d)
and (e) of this section on:

(i)  One (1) or more officers or employees of the corporation whom the
director reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the
functions performed or the information, opinions, reports or statements
provided;

(ii)  Legal counsel, public accountants or other persons retained by the
corporation as to matters involving skills or expertise the director
reasonably believes are matters:

(A)  Within the person's professional or expert competence; or

(B)  As to which the particular person merits confidence; or

(iii)  A committee of the board of directors of which he is not a member
if the director reasonably believes the committee merits confidence.

(g)  For purposes of subsection (a) of this section, a director, in
determining what he reasonably believes to be in or not opposed to the
best interests of the corporation, shall consider the interests of the
corporation's shareholders and, in his discretion, may consider any of
the following:

(i)  The interests of the corporation's employees, suppliers, creditors
and customers;

(ii)  The economy of the state and nation;

(iii)  The impact of any action upon the communities in or near which
the corporation's facilities or operations are located;

(iv)  The long‑term interests of the corporation and its shareholders,
including the possibility that those interests may be best served by the
continued independence of the corporation; and

(v)  Any other factors relevant to promoting or preserving public or
community interests.

17‑16‑831.  Standards of liability for directors.

(a)  A director shall not be liable to the corporation or its
shareholders for any decision to take or not to take action, or any
failure to take any action including abstaining from voting after full
disclosure, as a director, unless the party asserting liability in a
proceeding establishes that:

(i)  No defense interposed by the director based on the following
precludes liability:

(A)  Any provision in the articles of incorporation authorized by W.S.
17‑16‑202(b)(iv); or

(B)  The protection afforded by W.S. 17‑16‑861 for action taken in
compliance with W.S. 17‑16‑862 or 17‑16‑863; or

(C)  The protection afforded by W.S. 17‑16‑870; and

(ii)  The challenged conduct consisted or was the result of:

(A)  Action not in good faith; or

(B)  A decision:

(I)  Which the director did not reasonably believe to be in or at least
not opposed to the best interests of the corporation; or

(II)  As to which the director was not informed to an extent the
director reasonably believed appropriate in the circumstances; or

(C)  Lack of objectivity due to the director's familial, financial or
business relationship with, or a lack of independence due to the
director's domination or control by, another person having a material
interest in the challenged conduct:

(I)  Which relationship or which domination or control could reasonably
be expected to have affected the director's judgment respecting the
challenged conduct in a manner adverse to the corporation; and

(II)  After a reasonable expectation to such effect has been
established, the director shall not have established that the challenged
conduct was reasonably believed by the director to be in or at least not
opposed to the best interests of the corporation; or

(D)  A sustained failure of the director to devote attention to ongoing
oversight of the business and affairs of the corporation, or a failure
to devote timely attention, by making or causing to be made appropriate
inquiry, when particular facts and circumstances of significant concern
materialize that would alert a reasonably attentive director to the need
therefore; or

(E)  Receipt of a financial benefit to which the director was not
entitled or any other breach of the director's duties to deal fairly
with the corporation and its shareholders that is actionable under
applicable law.

(b)  The party seeking to hold the director liable:

(i)  For money damages, shall also have the burden of establishing that:

(A)  Harm to the corporation or its shareholders has been suffered; and

(B)  The harm suffered was proximately caused by the director's
challenged conduct.

(ii)  For other money payment under a legal remedy, such as compensation
for the unauthorized use of corporate assets, shall also have whatever
burden of proof may be called for to establish that the payment sought
is appropriate in the circumstances; or

(iii)  For other money payment under an equitable remedy, such as profit
recovery by or disgorgement to the corporation, shall also have whatever
burden of proof may be called for to establish that the equitable remedy
sought is appropriate in the circumstances.

(c)  Nothing contained in this section shall:

(i)  In any instance where fairness is at issue, such as consideration
of the fairness of a transaction to the corporation under W.S.
17‑16‑861(b)(iii), alter the burden of proving the fact or lack of
fairness otherwise applicable;

(ii)  Alter the fact or lack of liability of a director under another
section of this act, such as the provisions governing the consequences
of an unlawful distribution under W.S. 17‑16‑833 or a transactional
interest under W.S. 17‑16‑861; or

(iii)  Affect any rights to which the corporation or a shareholder may
be entitled under another statute of this state or the United States.

17‑16‑832.  Reserved.

17‑16‑833.  Director's liability for unlawful distributions.

(a)  A director who votes for or assents to a distribution in excess of
what may be authorized and made pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑640 or
17‑16‑1409(a) is personally liable to the corporation for the amount of
the distribution that exceeds what could have been distributed without
violating W.S. 17‑16‑640 or 17‑16‑1409(a) if the party asserting
liability establishes that when taking the action the director did not
comply with W.S. 17‑16‑830.

(b)  A director held liable under subsection (a) of this section for an
unlawful distribution is entitled to:

(i)  Contribution from every other director who could be held liable
under subsection (a) of this section for the unlawful distribution; and

(ii)  Recoupment from each shareholder of the pro-rata portion of the
amount of the unlawful distribution the shareholder accepted knowing the
distribution was made in violation of W.S. 17‑16‑640 or 17‑16‑1409(a).

(c)  A proceeding to enforce:

(i)  The liability of a director under subsection (a) of this section is
barred unless it is commenced within two (2) years after the date:

(A)  On which the effect of the distribution was measured under W.S.
17‑16‑640(e) or (g);

(B)  As of which the violation of W.S. 17‑16‑640(a) occurred as the
consequence of disregard of a restriction in the articles of
incorporation; or

(C)  On which the distribution of assets to shareholders under W.S.
17‑16‑1409(a) was made.

(ii)  Contribution or recoupment under subsection (b) of this section is
barred unless it is commenced within one (1) year after the liability of
the claimant has been finally adjudicated under subsection (a) of this
section.

17‑16‑840.  Required officers.

(a)  A corporation has the officers described in its bylaws or appointed
by the board of directors in accordance with the bylaws.

(b)  The board of directors may elect individuals to fill one (1) or
more offices of the corporation. An officer may appoint one (1) or more
officers if authorized by the bylaws or the board of directors.

(c)  The bylaws or the board of directors shall assign to one (1) of the
officers responsibility for preparing minutes of the directors' and
shareholders' meetings and for maintaining and authenticating records of
the corporation required to be kept under W.S. 17‑16‑1601(a) and (e).

(d)  The same individual may simultaneously hold more than one (1)
office in a corporation.

17‑16‑841.  Functions of officers.

Each officer has the authority and shall perform the functions set forth
in the bylaws or, to the extent consistent with the bylaws, the
functions prescribed by the board of directors or by direction of an
officer authorized by the board of directors to prescribe the functions
of other officers.

17‑16‑842.  Standards of conduct for officers.

(a)  An officer when performing in such capacity, has the duty to act:

(i)  In good faith;

(ii)  With the care that a person in a like position would reasonably
exercise under similar circumstances; and

(iii)  In a manner the officer reasonably believes to be in or at least
not opposed to the best interests of the corporation.

(b)  The duty of an officer includes the obligation:

(i)  To inform the superior officer to whom, or the board of directors
or the committee thereof to which, the officer reports of information
about the affairs of the corporation known to the officer, within the
scope of the officer's functions, and known to the officer to be
material to the superior officer, board or committee; and

(ii)  To inform the officer's superior officer, or another appropriate
person within the corporation, or the board of directors, or a committee
thereof, of any actual or probable material violation of law involving
the corporation or material breach of duty to the corporation by an
officer, employee or agent of the corporation, that the officer believes
has occurred or is likely to occur.

(c)  In discharging his duties an officer who does not have knowledge
that makes reliance unwarranted is entitled to rely on:

(i)  The performance of properly delegated responsibilities by one (1)
or more employees of the corporation whom the officer reasonably
believes to be reliable and competent in performing the responsibilities
delegated; or

(ii)  Information, opinions, reports or statements, including financial
statements and other financial data, prepared or presented by one (1) or
more employees of the corporation whom the officer reasonably believes
to be reliable and competent in the matters presented or by legal
counsel, public accountants or other persons retained by the corporation
as to matters involving skills or expertise the officer reasonably
believes are matters:

(A)  Within the particular person's professional or expert competence;
or

(B)  As to which the particular person merits confidence.

(d)  An officer shall not be liable to the corporation or its
shareholders for any decisions to take or not to take action as an
officer, or any failure to take any action, if he performed the duties
of his office in compliance with this section. Whether an officer who
does not comply with this section shall have liability shall depend in
such instance on applicable law, including those principles of W.S.
17‑16‑831 that have relevance.

(e)  For purposes of subsection (a) of this section, an officer, in
determining what he reasonably believes to be in or not opposed to the
best interests of the corporation, shall consider the interests of the
corporation's shareholders and, in his discretion, may consider any of
the following:

(i)  The interests of the corporation's employees, suppliers, creditors
and customers;

(ii)  The economy of the state and nation;

(iii)  The impact of any action upon the communities in or near which
the corporation's facilities or operations are located;

(iv)  The long‑term interests of the corporation and its shareholders,
including the possibility that those interests may be best served by the
continued independence of the corporation; and

(v)  Any other factors relevant to promoting or preserving public or
community interests.

17‑16‑843.  Resignation and removal of officers.

(a)  An officer may resign at any time by delivering notice to the
corporation. A resignation is effective when the notice is delivered
unless the notice specifies a later effective time. If a resignation is
made effective at a later time and the board or appointing officer
accepts the future effective time, the board or appointing officer may
fill the pending vacancy before the effective time if the board or
appointing officer provides that the successor does not take office
until the effective time.

(b)  An officer may be removed at any time with or without cause by:

(i)  The board of directors;

(ii)  The officer who appointed such officer, unless the bylaws or the
board of directors provide otherwise; or

(iii)  Any other officer if authorized by the bylaws or the board of
directors.

(c)  In this section, "appointing officer" means the officer, including
any successor to that officer, who appointed the officer resigning or
being removed.

17‑16‑844.  Contract rights of officers.

(a)  The appointment of an officer does not itself create contract
rights.

(b)  An officer's removal does not affect the officer's contract rights,
if any, with the corporation. An officer's resignation does not affect
the corporation's contract rights, if any, with the officer.

17‑16‑850.  Subarticle definitions.

(a)  In this subarticle:

(i)  "Corporation" includes any domestic or foreign predecessor entity
of a corporation in a merger;

(ii)  "Director" or "officer" means an individual who is or was a
director or officer, respectively, of a corporation or who, while a
director or officer of the corporation, is or was serving at the
corporation's request as a director, officer, manager, partner, trustee,
employee or agent of another entity or employee benefit plan. A director
or officer is considered to be serving an employee benefit plan at the
corporation's request if the individual's duties to the corporation also
impose duties on, or otherwise involve services by, the individual to
the plan or to participants in or beneficiaries of the plan. "Director"
or "officer" includes, unless the context requires otherwise, the estate
or personal representative of a director or officer;

(iii)  "Liability" means the obligation to pay a judgment, settlement,
penalty, fine (including an excise tax assessed with respect to an
employee benefit plan), or reasonable expenses incurred with respect to
a proceeding.

17‑16‑851.  Permissible indemnification.

(a)  Except as otherwise provided in this section, a corporation may
indemnify an individual who is a party to a proceeding because the
individual is a director against liability incurred in the proceeding
if:

(i)(A)  The director conducted himself in good faith; and

(B)  He reasonably believed that his conduct was in or at least not
opposed to the corporation's best interests; and

(C)  In the case of any criminal proceeding, the director had no
reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful; or

(ii)  The director engaged in conduct for which broader indemnification
has been made permissible or obligatory under a provision of the
articles of incorporation, as authorized by W.S. 17‑16‑202(b)(v).

(b)  A director's conduct with respect to an employee benefit plan for a
purpose the director reasonably believed to be in the interests of the
participants in and beneficiaries of the plan is conduct that satisfies
the requirement of subparagraph (a)(i)(B) of this section.

(c)  The termination of a proceeding by judgment, order, settlement,
conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent is not,
of itself, determinative that the director did not meet the standard of
conduct described in this section.

(d)  Unless ordered by a court under W.S. 17‑16‑854(a)(iii) a
corporation may not indemnify a director under this section:

(i)  In connection with a proceeding by or in the right of the
corporation, except for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with
the proceeding if it is determined that the director has met the
standard of conduct under subsection (a) of this section; or

(ii)  In connection with any proceeding with respect to conduct for
which he was adjudged liable on the basis that he received a financial
benefit to which he was not entitled, whether or not involving action in
the director's capacity.

(e)  Repealed By Laws 1997, ch. 190, § 3.

17‑16‑852.  Mandatory indemnification.

A corporation shall indemnify a director who was wholly successful, on
the merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which the
director was a party because he was a director of the corporation
against reasonable expenses incurred by the director in connection with
the proceeding.

17‑16‑853.  Advance for expenses.

(a)  A corporation may, before final disposition of a proceeding,
advance funds to pay for or reimburse the expenses incurred in
connection with the proceeding by an individual who is a party to a
proceeding because that individual is a member of the board of directors
if he delivers to the corporation:

(i)  A written affirmation of his good faith belief that the standard of
conduct described in W.S. 17‑16‑851 has been met by the director or that
the proceeding involves conduct for which liability has been eliminated
under a provision of the articles of incorporation as authorized by W.S.
17‑16‑202(b)(iv); and

(ii)  His written undertaking to repay any funds advanced if the
director is not entitled to mandatory indemnification under W.S.
17‑16‑852 and it is ultimately determined under W.S. 17‑16‑854 or
17‑16‑855 that he has not met the standard of conduct described in W.S.
17‑16‑851.

(iii)  Repealed By Laws 1997, ch. 190, § 3.

(b)  The undertaking required by paragraph (a)(ii) of this section shall
be an unlimited general obligation of the director but need not be
secured and may be accepted without reference to the financial ability
of the director to make repayment.

(c)  Authorizations under this section shall be made:

(i)  By the board of directors:

(A)  If there are two (2) or more qualified directors, by a majority
vote of all the qualified directors (a majority of whom shall for such
purpose constitute a quorum) or by a majority of the members of a
committee of two (2) or more qualified directors appointed by such a
vote; or

(B)  If there are fewer than two (2) qualified directors, by the vote
necessary for action by the board in accordance with W.S. 17‑16‑824(c),
in which authorization directors who are not qualified directors may
participate; or

(ii)  By the shareholders, but shares owned by or voted under the
control of a director who at the time is not a qualified director may
not be voted on the authorization.

17‑16‑854.  Court‑ordered indemnification and advance for expenses.

(a)  A director who is a party to a proceeding because he is a director
may apply for indemnification or an advance for expenses to the court
conducting the proceeding or to another court of competent jurisdiction.
After receipt of an application and after giving any notice it considers
necessary, the court shall:

(i)  Order indemnification if the court determines that the director is
entitled to mandatory indemnification under W.S. 17‑16‑852;

(ii)  Order indemnification or advance for expenses if the court
determines that the director is entitled to indemnification or advance
for expenses pursuant to a provision authorized by W.S. 17‑16‑858(a); or

(iii)  Order indemnification or advance for expenses if the court
determines, in view of all the relevant circumstances, that it is fair
and reasonable:

(A)  To indemnify the director; or

(B)  To advance expenses to the director, even if he has not met the
standard of conduct set forth in W.S. 17‑16‑851(a), failed to comply
with W.S. 17‑16‑853 or was adjudged liable in a proceeding referred to
in W.S. 17‑16‑851(d)(i) or (ii), but if the director was adjudged so
liable his indemnification shall be limited to expenses incurred in
connection with the proceeding.

(b)  If the court determines that the director is entitled to
indemnification under paragraph (a)(i) of this section or to
indemnification or advance for expenses under paragraph (a)(ii) of this
section, it shall also order the corporation to pay the director's
expenses incurred in connection with obtaining court‑ordered
indemnification or advance for expenses. If the court determines that
the director is entitled to indemnification or advance for expenses
under paragraph (a)(iii) of this section, it may also order the
corporation to pay the director's expenses to obtain court-ordered
indemnification or advance for expenses.

17‑16‑855.  Determination and authorization of indemnification.

(a)  A corporation may not indemnify a director under W.S. 17‑16‑851
unless authorized for a specific proceeding after a determination has
been made that indemnification of the director is permissible because
the director has met the standard of conduct set forth in W.S.
17‑16‑851.

(b)  The determination shall be made:

(i)  If there are two (2) or more qualified directors, by the board of
directors by majority vote of all the qualified directors (a majority of
whom shall for such purpose constitute a quorum), or by a majority of
the members of a committee of two (2) or more qualified directors
appointed by such a vote;

(ii)  By special legal counsel:

(A)  Selected in the manner prescribed in paragraph (i) of this
subsection; or

(B)  If there are fewer than two (2) qualified directors, selected by
the board of directors (in which selection directors who are not
qualified directors may participate); or

(iii)  By the shareholders, but shares owned by or voted under the
control of a director who at the time is not a qualified director may
not be voted on the determination.

(c)  Authorization of indemnification shall be made in the same manner
as the determination that indemnification is permissible, except that if
there are fewer than two (2) qualified directors, authorization of
indemnification shall be made by those entitled under paragraph (b)(ii)
of this section to select special legal counsel.

17‑16‑856.  Indemnification of officers.

(a)  A corporation may indemnify and advance expenses under this
subarticle to an officer of the corporation who is a party to a
proceeding because he is an officer of the corporation:

(i)  To the same extent as a director; and

(ii)  If he is an officer but not a director, to such further extent as
may be provided by the articles of incorporation, the bylaws, a
resolution of the board of directors or contract, except for:

(A)  Liability in connection with a proceeding by or in the right of the
corporation other than for expenses incurred in connection with the
proceeding; or

(B)  Liability arising out of conduct that constitutes:

(I)  Receipt by the officer of a financial benefit to which he is not
entitled;

(II)  An intentional infliction of harm on the corporation or the
shareholders; or

(III)  An intentional violation of criminal law.

(iii)  A corporation may also indemnify and advance expenses to a
current or former officer, employee or agent who is not a director to
the extent, consistent with public policy, that may be provided by its
articles of incorporation, bylaws, general or specific action of its
board of directors or contract.

(b)  The provisions of paragraph (a)(ii) of this section shall apply to
an officer who is also a director if the basis on which he is made a
party to the proceeding is an act or omission solely as an officer.

(c)  An officer of a corporation who is not a director is entitled to
mandatory indemnification under W.S. 17‑16‑852, and may apply to a court
under W.S. 17‑16‑854 for indemnification or an advance for expenses, in
each case to the same extent to which a director may be entitled to
indemnification or advance for expenses under those provisions.

17‑16‑857.  Insurance.

A corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of an
individual who is a director or officer of the corporation, or who,
while a director or officer of the corporation, serves at the
corporation's request as a director, officer, partner, trustee, employee
or agent of another domestic or foreign corporation, partnership, joint
venture, trust, employee benefit plan, or other entity, against
liability asserted against or incurred by the individual in that
capacity or arising from his status as a director or officer whether or
not the corporation would have power to indemnify or advance expenses to
the individual against the same liability under this subarticle.

17‑16‑858.  Variation by corporate action; application of subarticle.

(a)  A corporation may, by a provision in its articles of incorporation
or bylaws or in a resolution adopted or a contract approved by its board
of directors or shareholders, obligate itself in advance of the act or
omission giving rise to a proceeding to provide indemnification in
accordance with W.S. 17‑16‑851 or advance funds to pay for or reimburse
expenses in accordance with W.S. 17‑16‑853. Any such obligatory
provision shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements for authorization
referred to in W.S. 17‑16‑853(c) and 17‑16‑855(c). Any provision that
obligates the corporation to provide indemnification to the fullest
extent permitted by law shall be deemed to obligate the corporation to
advance funds to pay for or reimburse expenses in accordance with W.S.
17‑16‑853 to the fullest extent permitted by law, unless the provision
specifically provides otherwise.

(b)  Any provision pursuant to subsection (a) of this section shall not
obligate the corporation to indemnify or advance expenses to a director
of a predecessor of the corporation, pertaining to conduct with respect
to the predecessor, unless otherwise specifically provided. Any
provision for indemnification or advance for expenses in the articles of
incorporation, bylaws, or a resolution of the board of directors or
shareholders of a predecessor of the corporation in a merger or in a
contract to which the predecessor is a party, existing at the time the
merger takes effect, shall be governed by W.S. 17‑16‑1107(a)(iv).

(c)  A corporation may, by provision in its articles of incorporation,
limit any of the rights to indemnification or advance for expenses
created by or pursuant to this subarticle.

(d)  This subarticle does not limit a corporation's power to pay or
reimburse expenses incurred by a director or officer in connection with
his appearance as a witness in a proceeding at a time when he is not a
party.

(e)  This subarticle does not limit a corporation's power to indemnify,
advance expenses to or provide or maintain insurance on behalf of an
employee or agent.

17‑16‑859.  Exclusivity of subarticle.

A corporation may provide indemnification or advance expenses to a
director or an officer only as permitted by this subarticle.

17‑16‑860.  Subarticle definitions.

(a)  In this subarticle:

(i)  "Control", including the term "controlled by", means:

(A)  Having the power, directly or indirectly, to elect or remove a
majority of the members of the board of directors or other governing
body of an entity, whether through the ownership of voting shares or
interests, by contract or otherwise; or

(B)  Being subject to a majority of the risk of loss from the entity's
activities or entitled to receive a majority of the entity's residual
returns.

(ii)  "Director's conflicting interest transaction" means a transaction
effected or proposed to be effected by the corporation, or by an entity
controlled by the corporation:

(A)  To which, at the relevant time, the director is a party; or

(B)  Respecting which, at the relevant time, the director had knowledge
and a material financial interest known to the director; or

(C)  Respecting which, at the relevant time, the director knew that a
related person was a party or had a material financial interest.

(iii)  "Fair to the corporation" means, for purposes of W.S.
17‑16‑861(b)(iii), that the transaction as a whole was beneficial to or
at least not harmful to the corporation, taking into appropriate account
whether it was:

(A)  Fair in terms of the director's dealings with the corporation; and

(B)  Comparable to what might have been obtainable in an arm's length
transaction, given the consideration paid or received by the
corporation.

(iv)  "Material financial interest" means a financial interest in a
transaction that would reasonably be expected to impair the objectivity
of the director's judgment when participating in action on the
authorization of the transaction;

(v)  "Related person" means:

(A)  The director's spouse;

(B)  A child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent,
sibling, stepsibling, half sibling, aunt, uncle, niece or nephew, or
spouse of any thereof, of the director or of the director's spouse;

(C)  An individual living in the same home as the director;

(D)  An entity, other than the corporation or an entity controlled by
the corporation, controlled by the director or any person specified
above in this paragraph;

(E)  A domestic or foreign:

(I)  Business or nonprofit corporation, other than the corporation or an
entity controlled by the corporation, of which the director is a
director;

(II)  Unincorporated entity of which the director is a general partner
or a member of the governing body; or

(III)  Individual, trust or estate for whom or of which the director is
a trustee, guardian, personal representative or like fiduciary; or

(F)  A person that is, or an entity that is controlled by, an employer
of the director.

(vi)  "Relevant time" means:

(A)  The time at which directors' action respecting the transaction is
taken in compliance with W.S. 17‑16‑862; or

(B)  If the transaction is not brought before the board of directors of
the corporation or its committee for action under W.S. 17‑16‑862, at the
time the corporation or an entity controlled by the corporation becomes
legally obligated to consummate the transaction.

(vii)  "Required disclosure" means disclosure of:

(A)  The existence and nature of the director's conflicting interest;
and

(B)  All facts known to the director respecting the subject matter of
the transaction that a director free of such conflicting interest would
reasonably believe to be material in deciding whether to proceed with
the transaction.

17‑16‑861.  Judicial action.

(a)  A transaction effected or proposed to be effected by the
corporation, or by an entity controlled by the corporation, may not be
the subject of equitable relief, or give rise to an award of damages or
other relief against a director of the corporation, in a proceeding by a
shareholder or by or in the right of the corporation, on the ground that
the director has an interest respecting the transaction, if it is not a
director's conflicting interest transaction.

(b)  A director's conflicting interest transaction may not be the
subject of equitable relief, or give rise to an award of damages or
other relief against a director of the corporation, in a proceeding by a
shareholder or by or in the right of the corporation, on the ground that
the director has an interest respecting the transaction, if:

(i)  Directors' action respecting the transaction was taken in
compliance with W.S. 17‑16‑862 at any time; or

(ii)  Shareholders' action respecting the transaction was taken in
compliance with W.S. 17‑16‑863 at any time; or

(iii)  The transaction, judged according to the circumstances at the
relevant time, is established to have been fair to the corporation.

17‑16‑862.  Directors' action.

(a)  Directors' action respecting a director's conflicting interest
transaction is effective for purposes of W.S. 17‑16‑861(b)(i) if the
transaction has been authorized by the affirmative vote of a majority,
but no fewer than two (2), of the qualified directors who voted on the
transaction, after required disclosure by the conflicted director of
information not already known by such qualified directors, or after
modified disclosure in compliance with subsection (b) of this section,
provided that:

(i)  The qualified directors have deliberated and voted outside the
presence of and without the participation by any other director; and

(ii)  Where the action has been taken by a committee, all members of the
committee were qualified directors, and either:

(A)  The committee was composed of all the qualified directors on the
board of directors; or

(B)  The members of the committee were appointed by the affirmative vote
of a majority of the qualified directors on the board.

(b)  Notwithstanding subsection (a) of this section, when a transaction
is a director's conflicting interest transaction only because a related
person described in W.S. 17‑16‑860(a)(v)(E) or (F) is a party to or has
a material financial interest in the transaction, the conflicted
director is not obligated to make required disclosure to the extent that
the director reasonably believes that doing so would violate a duty
imposed under law, a legally enforceable obligation of confidentiality,
or a professional ethics rule, provided that the conflicted director
discloses to the qualified directors voting on the transaction:

(i)  All information required to be disclosed that is not so violative;

(ii)  The existence and nature of the director's conflicting interest;
and

(iii)  The nature of the conflicted director's duty not to disclose the
confidential information.

(c)  A majority, but no fewer than two (2), of all the qualified
directors on the board of directors, or on the committee, constitutes a
quorum for purposes of action that complies with this section.

(d)  Where directors' action under this section does not satisfy a
quorum or voting requirement applicable to the authorization of the
transaction by reason of the articles of incorporation, the bylaws or a
provision of law, independent action to satisfy those authorization
requirements shall be taken by the board of directors or a committee, in
which action directors who are not qualified directors may participate.

17‑16‑863.  Shareholders' action.

(a)  Shareholders' action respecting a director's conflicting interest
transaction is effective for purposes of W.S. 17‑16‑861(b)(ii) if a
majority of the votes cast by the holders of all qualified shares are in
favor of the transaction after:

(i)  Notice to shareholders describing the action to be taken respecting
the transaction;

(ii)  Provision to the corporation of the information referred to in
subsection (b) of this section; and

(iii)  Communication to the shareholders entitled to vote on the
transaction of the information that is the subject of required
disclosure, or modified disclosure as described in W.S. 17‑16‑862(b) if
the director's conflicting interest transaction is of the type described
in that subsection, to the extent the information is not known by them.

(b)  A director who has a conflicting interest respecting the
transaction shall, before the shareholders' vote, inform the secretary
or other officer or agent of the corporation authorized to tabulate
votes, in writing, of the number of shares that the director knows are
not qualified shares under subsection (c) of this section and the
identity of the holders of those shares.

(c)  For purposes of this section:

(i)  "Holder" means and "held by" refers to shares held by both a record
shareholder, as defined in W.S. 17‑16‑1301(a)(vi), and a beneficial
shareholder as defined in W.S. 17‑16‑1301(a)(i);

(ii)  "Qualified shares" means all shares entitled to be voted with
respect to the transaction except for shares that the secretary or other
officer or agent of the corporation authorized to tabulate votes either
knows, or under subsection (b) of this section is notified, are held by:

(A)  A director who has a conflicting interest respecting the
transaction; or

(B)  A related person of the director, excluding a person described in
W.S. 17‑16‑860(a)(v)(F).

(d)  A majority of the votes entitled to be cast by the holders of all
qualified shares constitutes a quorum for purposes of compliance with
this section. Subject to the provisions of subsection (e) of this
section, shareholders' action that otherwise complies with this section
is not affected by the presence of holders, or by the voting, of shares
that are not qualified shares.

(e)  If a shareholders' vote does not comply with subsection (a) of this
section solely because of a director's failure to comply with subsection
(b) of this section, and if the director establishes that the failure
was not intended to influence and did not in fact determine the outcome
of the vote, the court may give the effect, if any, to the shareholders'
vote, as the court considers appropriate in the circumstances.

(f)  Where shareholders' action under this section does not satisfy a
quorum or voting requirement applicable to the authorization of the
transaction by reason of the articles of incorporation, the bylaws or a
provision of law, independent action to satisfy those authorization
requirements must be taken by the shareholders, in which action shares
that are not qualified shares may participate.

17‑16‑870.  Business opportunities.

(a)  A director's taking advantage, directly or indirectly, of a
business opportunity may not be the subject of equitable relief, or give
rise to an award of damages or other relief against the director, in a
proceeding by or in the right of the corporation on the ground that the
opportunity should have first been offered to the corporation, if before
becoming legally obligated respecting the opportunity the director
brings it to the attention of the corporation and:

(i)  Action by qualified directors disclaiming the corporation's
interest in the opportunity is taken in compliance with the procedures
set forth in W.S. 17‑16‑862, as if the decision being made concerned a
director's conflicting interest transaction; or

(ii)  Shareholders' action disclaiming the corporation's interest in the
opportunity is taken in compliance with the procedures set forth in W.S.
17‑16‑863, as if the decision being made concerned a director's
conflicting interest transaction, except that, rather than making
required disclosure as defined in W.S. 17‑16‑860, in each case the
director shall have made prior disclosure to those acting on behalf of
the corporation of all material facts concerning the business
opportunity that are then known to the director.

(b)  In any proceeding seeking equitable relief or other remedies based
upon an alleged improper taking advantage of a business opportunity by a
director, the fact that the director did not employ the procedure
described in subsection (a) of this section before taking advantage of
the opportunity shall not create an inference that the opportunity
should have been first presented to the corporation or alter the burden
of proof otherwise applicable to establish that the director breached a
duty to the corporation in the circumstances.

ARTICLE 9

RESERVED

ARTICLE 10

AMENDMENT OF ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS

17‑16‑1001.  Authority to amend.

(a)  A corporation may amend its articles of incorporation at any time
to add or change a provision that is required or permitted in the
articles of incorporation as of the effective date of the amendment or
to delete a provision that is not required to be contained in the
articles of incorporation.

(b)  A shareholder of the corporation does not have a vested property
right resulting from any provision in the articles of incorporation,
including provisions relating to management, control, capital structure,
dividend entitlement or purpose, or duration of the corporation.

17‑16‑1002.  Amendment before issuance of shares.

If a corporation has not yet issued shares, its board of directors, or
its incorporators if it has no board of directors, may adopt one (1) or
more amendments to the corporation's articles of incorporation.

17‑16‑1003.  Amendment by board of directors and shareholders.

(a)  If a corporation has issued shares, an amendment to the articles of
incorporation shall be adopted in the following manner:

(i)  The proposed amendment shall be adopted by the board of directors;

(ii)  Except as provided in W.S. 17‑16‑1005, 17‑16‑1007 and 17‑16‑1008,
after adopting the proposed amendment the board of directors shall
submit the amendment to the shareholders for their approval. The board
of directors shall also transmit to the shareholders a recommendation
that the shareholders approve the amendment, unless the board of
directors makes a determination that because of conflict of interest or
other special circumstances it should not make such a recommendation in
which case the board of directors shall transmit the basis for that
determination to the shareholders;

(iii)  The board of directors may condition its submission of the
amendment to the shareholders on any basis;

(iv)  If the amendment is required to be approved by the shareholders
and the approval is to be given at a meeting, the corporation shall
notify each shareholder, whether or not entitled to vote, of the
shareholders' meeting at which the amendment is to be submitted for
approval. The notice shall state that the purpose, or one (1) of the
purposes, of the meeting is to consider the amendment and shall contain
or be accompanied by a copy of the amendment;

(v)  Unless the articles of incorporation, or the board of directors
acting pursuant to paragraph (iii) of this subsection require a greater
vote or a greater number of shares to be present, approval of the
amendment requires the approval of the shareholders at a meeting at
which a quorum exists, and, if any class or series of shares is entitled
to vote as a separate group on the amendment, except as provided in W.S.
17‑16‑1004(c), the approval of each such separate voting group at a
meeting at which a quorum of the voting group exists.

17‑16‑1004.  Voting on amendments by voting groups.

(a)  If a corporation has more than one (1) class of shares outstanding,
the holders of the outstanding shares of a class are entitled to vote as
a separate voting group, if shareholder voting is otherwise required by
this act, on a proposed amendment to the articles of incorporation if
the amendment would:

(i)  Effect an exchange or reclassification of all or part of the shares
of the class into shares of another class;

(ii)  Effect an exchange or reclassification, or create the right of
exchange, of all or part of the shares of another class into shares of
the class;

(iii)  Change the rights, preferences, or limitations of all or part of
the shares of the class;

(iv)  Change the shares of all or part of the class into a different
number of shares of the same class;

(v)  Create a new class of shares having rights or preferences with
respect to distributions or to dissolution that are prior or superior to
the shares of the class;

(vi)  Increase the rights, preferences, or number of authorized shares
of any class that, after giving effect to the amendment, have rights or
preferences with respect to distributions or to dissolution that are
prior or superior to the shares of the class;

(vii)  Limit or deny any existing preemptive right of all or part of the
shares of the class; or

(viii)  Cancel or otherwise affect rights to distributions that have
accumulated but not yet been authorized on all or part of the shares of
the class.

(b)  If a proposed amendment would affect a series of a class of shares
in one (1) or more of the ways described in subsection (a) of this
section, the holders of shares of that series are entitled to vote as a
separate voting group on the proposed amendment.

(c)  If a proposed amendment that entitles two (2) or more classes or
series of shares to vote as separate voting groups under this section
would affect those two (2) or more classes or series in the same or a
substantially similar way, the holders of shares of all the classes or
series so affected shall vote together as a single voting group on the
proposed amendment, unless otherwise provided in the articles of
incorporation or required by the board of directors.

(d)  A class or series of shares is entitled to the voting rights
granted by this section although the articles of incorporation provide
that the shares are nonvoting shares.

17‑16‑1005.  Amendment by board of directors.

(a)  Unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise, a
corporation's board of directors may adopt amendments to the
corporation's articles of incorporation without shareholder approval:

(i)  To extend the duration of the corporation if it was incorporated at
a time when limited duration was required by law;

(ii)  To delete the names and addresses of the initial directors;

(iii)  To delete the name and address of the initial registered agent or
registered office, if a statement of change is on file with the
secretary of state;

(iv)  If the corporation has only one (1) class of shares outstanding:

(A)  To change each issued and unissued authorized share of the class
into a greater number of whole shares of that class; or

(B)  To increase the number of authorized shares of the class to the
extent necessary to permit the issuance of shares as a share dividend.

(v)  To change the corporate name by substituting the word
"corporation," "incorporated," "company," "limited," or the abbreviation
"corp.," "inc.," "co.," or "ltd.," for a similar word or abbreviation in
the name, or by adding, deleting, or changing a geographical attribution
for the name;

(vi)  To reflect a reduction in authorized shares, as a result of the
operation of W.S. 17‑16‑631(b), when the corporation has acquired its
own shares and the articles of incorporation prohibit the reissue of the
acquired shares;

(vii)  To delete a class of shares from the articles of incorporation,
as a result of the operation of W.S. 17‑16‑631(b), when there are no
remaining shares of the class because the corporation has acquired all
shares of the class and the articles of incorporation prohibit the
reissue of the acquired shares; or

(viii)  To make any change expressly permitted by W.S. 17‑16‑602(a) or
(b) to be made without shareholder approval.

17‑16‑1006.  Articles of amendment.

(a)  After an amendment to the articles of incorporation has been
adopted and approved in the manner required by this act and by the
articles of incorporation, the corporation shall deliver to the
secretary of state for filing articles of amendment setting forth:

(i)  The name of the corporation;

(ii)  The text of each amendment adopted;

(iii)  If an amendment provides for an exchange, reclassification, or
cancellation of issued shares, provisions for implementing the amendment
if not contained in the amendment itself which may be made dependent
upon facts objectively ascertainable outside the articles of amendment;

(iv)  The date of each amendment's adoption; and

(v)  If an amendment:

(A)  Was adopted by the incorporators or board of directors without
shareholder approval, a statement that the amendment was duly approved
by the incorporators or by the board of directors as the case may be and
that shareholder approval was not required; or

(B)  Required approval by the shareholders, a statement that the
amendment was duly approved by the shareholders in the manner required
by this act and by the articles of incorporation;

(C)  Reserved.

(vi)  Repealed By Laws 2010, Ch. 82, § 2.

17‑16‑1007.  Restated articles of incorporation.

(a)  A corporation's board of directors may restate its articles of
incorporation at any time with or without shareholder approval, to
consolidate all amendments into a single document.

(b)  If the restated articles include one (1) or more new amendments
requiring shareholder approval, the amendments shall be adopted and
approved as provided in W.S. 17‑16‑1003.

(c)  A corporation restating its articles of incorporation shall deliver
to the secretary of state for filing articles of restatement setting
forth the name of the corporation and the text of the restated articles
of incorporation together with a certificate which states that the
restated articles consolidate all amendments into a single document and,
if a new amendment is included in the restated articles, which also
includes the statements required under W.S. 17‑16‑1006.

(d)  Duly adopted restated articles of incorporation supersede the
original articles of incorporation and all amendments to them.

(e)  The secretary of state may certify restated articles of
incorporation, as the articles of incorporation currently in effect,
without including the certificate information required by subsection (c)
of this section.

17‑16‑1008.  Amendment pursuant to court‑ordered reorganization.

(a)  A corporation's articles of incorporation may be amended without
action by the board of directors or shareholders to carry out a plan of
reorganization ordered or decreed by a court of competent jurisdiction
under the authority of a law of the United States.

(b)  The individual or individuals designated by the court shall deliver
to the secretary of state for filing articles of amendment setting
forth:

(i)  The name of the corporation;

(ii)  The text of each amendment approved by the court;

(iii)  The date of the court's order or decree approving the articles of
amendment;

(iv)  The title of the reorganization proceeding in which the order or
decree was entered; and

(v)  A statement that the court had jurisdiction of the proceeding under
federal statute.

(c)  This section does not apply after entry of a final decree in the
reorganization proceeding even though the court retains jurisdiction of
the proceeding for limited purposes unrelated to consummation of the
reorganization plan.

17‑16‑1009.  Effect of amendment.

An amendment to articles of incorporation does not affect a cause of
action existing against or in favor of the corporation, a proceeding to
which the corporation is a party, or the existing rights of persons
other than shareholders of the corporation. An amendment changing a
corporation's name does not abate a proceeding brought by or against the
corporation in its former name.

17‑16‑1020.  Amendment by board of directors or shareholders.

(a)  A corporation's shareholders may amend or repeal the corporation's
bylaws.

(b)  A corporation's board of directors may amend or repeal the
corporation's bylaws unless:

(i)  The articles of incorporation, W.S. 17‑16‑1021 or if applicable
W.S. 17‑16‑1022 reserve this power exclusively to the shareholders in
whole or part; or

(ii)  The shareholders in amending, repealing or adopting a bylaw
provide expressly that the board of directors may not amend, repeal or
reinstate that bylaw.

17‑16‑1021.  Bylaw increasing quorum or voting requirement for
directors.

(a)  A bylaw that increases a quorum or voting requirement for the board
of directors may be amended or repealed:

(i)  If originally adopted by the shareholders, only by the
shareholders, unless the bylaw otherwise provides;

(ii)  If adopted by the board of directors, either by the shareholders
or by the board of directors.

(b)  A bylaw adopted or amended by the shareholders that increases a
quorum or voting requirement for the board of directors may provide that
it may be amended or repealed only by a specified vote of either the
shareholders or the board of directors.

(c)  Action by the board of directors under subsection (a) of this
section to amend or repeal a bylaw that changes the quorum or voting
requirement for the board of directors shall meet the same quorum
requirement and be adopted by the same vote required to take action
under the quorum and voting requirement then in effect or proposed to be
adopted, whichever is greater.

17‑16‑1022.  Bylaw provisions relating to the election of directors.

(a)  Unless the articles of incorporation specifically prohibit the
adoption of a bylaw pursuant to this section, alter the vote specified
in W.S. 17‑16‑728(a) or provide for cumulative voting, a public
corporation may elect in its bylaws to be governed in the election of
directors as follows:

(i)  Each vote entitled to be cast may be voted for or against up to
that number of candidates that is equal to the number of directors to be
elected, or a shareholder may indicate an abstention, but without
cumulating the votes;

(ii)  To be elected, a nominee shall have received a plurality of the
votes cast by holders of shares entitled to vote in the election at a
meeting at which a quorum is present, provided that a nominee who is
elected but receives more votes against than for election shall serve as
a director for a term that shall terminate on the date that is the
earlier of ninety (90) days from the date on which the voting results
are determined pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑729(b)(v) or is the date on which
an individual is selected by the board of directors to fill the office
held by such director, which selection shall be deemed to constitute the
filling of a vacancy by the board to which W.S. 17‑16‑810 applies.
Subject to paragraph (iii) of this subsection, a nominee who is elected
but receives more votes against than for election shall not serve as a
director beyond the ninety (90) day period referenced above; and

(iii)  The board of directors may select any qualified individual to
fill the office held by a director who received more votes against than
for election.

(b)  Subsection (a) of this section does not apply to an election of
directors by a voting group if at the expiration of the time fixed under
a provision requiring advance notification of director candidates, or
absent such a provision, at a time fixed by the board of directors which
is not more than fourteen (14) days before notice is given of the
meeting at which the election is to occur, there are more candidates for
election by the voting group than the number of directors to be elected,
one (1) or more of whom are properly proposed by shareholders. An
individual shall not be considered a candidate for purposes of this
subsection if the board of directors determines before the notice of
meeting is given that such individual's candidacy does not create a bona
fide election contest.

(c)  A bylaw electing to be governed by this section may be repealed:

(i)  If originally adopted by the shareholders, only by the
shareholders, unless the bylaw otherwise provides; or

(ii)  If adopted by the board of directors, by the board of directors or
the shareholders.

ARTICLE 11

MERGER, SHARE EXCHANGE, CONSOLIDATION AND CONVERSION

17‑16‑1101.  Reserved.

17‑16‑1102.  Merger.

(a)  One (1) or more domestic business corporations may merge with one
(1) or more domestic or foreign business corporations or eligible
entities pursuant to a plan of merger, or two (2) or more foreign
business corporations or domestic or foreign eligible entities may merge
into a new domestic business corporation to be created in the merger in
the manner provided in this chapter.

(b)  A foreign business corporation, or a foreign eligible entity, may
be a party to a merger with a domestic business corporation, or may be
created by the terms of the plan of merger, only if the merger is
permitted by the foreign business corporation or eligible entity. If
Wyoming law does not otherwise provide procedures for the approval of a
merger, a plan of merger may be adopted and approved, the merger
effectuated, and appraisal rights exercised in accordance with the
procedures in this article and article 13 of this chapter. For the
purposes of applying this article and article 13 of this chapter:

(i)  The eligible entity, its members or interest holders, eligible
interests and organic documents taken together shall be deemed to be a
domestic business corporation, shareholders, shares and articles of
incorporation, respectively and vice versa as the context may require;
and

(ii)  If the business and affairs of the eligible entity are managed by
a group of persons that is not identical to the members or interest
holders, that group shall be deemed to be the board of directors.

(c)  The plan of merger shall include:

(i)  The name of each domestic or foreign business corporation or
eligible entity that will merge and the name of the domestic or foreign
business corporation or eligible entity that will be the survivor of the
merger;

(ii)  The terms and conditions of the merger;

(iii)  The manner and basis of the disposition, if any, of the shares of
each domestic or foreign business corporation and eligible interests of
each domestic or foreign eligible entity;

(iv)  The articles of incorporation of any domestic or foreign business
or nonprofit corporation, or the organic documents of any domestic or
foreign unincorporated entity, to be created by the merger, or if a new
domestic or foreign business or nonprofit corporation or unincorporated
entity is not to be created by the merger, any amendments to the
survivor's articles of incorporation or organic documents; and

(v)  Any other provisions required by the laws under which any party to
the merger is organized or by which it is governed, or by the articles
of incorporation or organic document of any party to the merger.

(d)  The terms of the plan of merger may be made dependent on facts
objectively ascertainable outside the plan.

(e)  The plan of merger may also include a provision that the plan may
be amended prior to filing articles of merger, but if the shareholders
of a domestic corporation that is a party to the merger are required or
permitted to vote on the plan, the plan must provide that subsequent to
approval of the plan by the shareholders the plan may not be amended to
change:

(i)  The disposition of shares or other securities, eligible interests,
obligations, rights to acquire shares, other securities or eligible
interests, cash, or other property, if any, to be received under the
plan by the shareholders of or owners of eligible interests in any party
to the merger;

(ii)  The articles of incorporation of any corporation, or the organic
documents of any unincorporated entity, that will survive or be created
as a result of the merger, except for changes permitted by W.S.
17‑16‑1005 or by comparable provisions of the organic laws of any such
foreign corporation or domestic or foreign unincorporated entity; or

(iii)  Any of the other terms or conditions of the plan if the change
would adversely affect such shareholders in any material respect.

(f)  Property held in trust or for charitable purposes under the laws of
this state by a domestic or foreign eligible entity shall not be
diverted by a merger from the objects for which it was donated, granted
or devised, unless and until the eligible entity obtains an order of the
district court specifying the disposition of the property to the extent
required by and pursuant to the laws of this state.

17‑16‑1103.  Share exchange.

(a)  Through a share exchange:

(i)  A domestic corporation may acquire all of the shares of one (1) or
more classes or series of shares of another domestic or foreign
corporation, or all of the interests of one (1) or more classes or
series of interests of a domestic or foreign other entity, in exchange
for shares or other securities, interests, obligations, rights to
acquire shares or other securities, cash, other property, or any
combination of the foregoing, pursuant to a plan of share exchange; or

(ii)  All of the shares of one (1) or more classes or series of shares
of a domestic corporation may be acquired by another domestic or foreign
corporation or other entity, in exchange for shares or other securities,
interests, obligations, rights to acquire shares or other securities,
cash, other property, or any combination of the foregoing, pursuant to a
plan of share exchange.

(b)  A foreign corporation or eligible entity, may be a party to a share
exchange only if the share exchange is permitted by the organic law
under which the corporation or other entity is organized or by which it
is governed. If Wyoming law does not otherwise provide procedures for
the approval of a share exchange, a plan of share exchange may be
adopted and approved, and the share exchange effectuated, in accordance
with the procedures, if any, for a merger. If Wyoming law does not
otherwise provide procedures for the approval of either a share exchange
or a merger, a plan of share exchange may be adopted and approved, the
share exchange effectuated, and appraisal rights exercised, in
accordance with the procedures in this article and article 13 of this
chapter. For the purposes of applying this article and article 13 of
this chapter:

(i)  The other entity, its interest holders, interests and organic
documents taken together shall be deemed to be a domestic business
corporation, shareholders, shares and articles of incorporation,
respectively and vice versa as the context may require; and

(ii)  If the business and affairs of the other entity are managed by a
group of persons that is not identical to the interest holders, that
group shall be deemed to be the board of directors.

(c)  The plan of exchange shall include:

(i)  The name of each corporation or other entity whose shares or
interests will be acquired and the name of the corporation or other
entity that will acquire those shares or interests;

(ii)  The terms and conditions of the share exchange;

(iii)  The manner and basis of exchanging the shares of a corporation or
interests in any other entity whose shares or interests will be acquired
under the share exchange into shares or other securities, interests,
obligations, rights to acquire shares, other securities or interests,
cash, other property or any combination of the foregoing; and

(iv)  Any other provisions required by the laws under which any party to
the share exchange is organized or by the articles of incorporation or
organic document of any party to the share exchange.

(d)  Terms of a plan of share exchange may be made dependent on facts
objectively ascertainable outside the plan.

(e)  The plan of share exchange may also include a provision that the
plan may be amended prior to filing articles of share exchange, but if
the shareholders of a domestic corporation that is a party to the share
exchange are required or permitted to vote on the plan, the plan shall
provide that subsequent to approval of the plan by the shareholders the
plan may not be amended to change:

(i)  The amount or kind of shares or other securities, interests,
obligations, rights to acquire shares, other securities or interests,
cash, or other property to be issued by the corporation or to be
received under the plan by the shareholders of or owners of interests in
any party to the share exchange; or

(ii)  Any of the other terms or conditions of the plan if the change
would adversely affect the shareholders of the domestic corporation in
any material respect.

(f)  This section does not limit the power of a domestic corporation to
acquire shares of another corporation or interests in another entity in
a transaction other than a share exchange.

17‑16‑1104.  Action on plan of merger or share exchange.

(a)  In the case of a domestic corporation that is a party to a merger
or share exchange, the plan of merger or share exchange shall be adopted
by the board of directors. After adopting a plan of merger or share
exchange, the board of directors except as provided in subsection (g) of
this section and W.S. 17‑16‑1105, shall submit the plan to the
shareholders for their approval. The board of directors shall also
transmit to the shareholders a recommendation that the shareholders
approve the plan, unless the board of directors makes a determination
that because of conflicts of interest or other special circumstances it
should not make such a recommendation, in which case the board of
directors shall transmit to the shareholders the basis for that
determination.

(b)  Reserved.

(c)  The board of directors may condition its submission of the proposed
merger or share exchange to the shareholders on any basis.

(d)  If the plan of merger or share exchange is required to be approved
by the shareholders and if the approval is to be given at a meeting, the
corporation shall notify each shareholder, whether or not entitled to
vote, of the shareholders' meeting at which the plan is to be submitted
for approval. The notice shall state that the purpose, or one (1) of the
purposes, of the meeting is to consider the plan and contain or be
accompanied by a copy or summary of the plan. If the corporation is to
be merged into an existing corporation or other entity, the notice shall
also include or be accompanied by a copy or summary of the articles of
incorporation or organizational documents of that corporation or other
entity. If the corporation is to be merged into a corporation or other
entity that is to be created pursuant to the merger, the notice shall
include or be accompanied by a copy or a summary of the articles of
incorporation or organizational documents of the new corporation or
other entity.

(e)  Unless the articles of incorporation or the board of directors
acting pursuant to subsection (c) of this section require a greater vote
or a greater number of votes to be present, approval of the plan of
merger or share exchange requires the approval of the shareholders at a
meeting at which a quorum exists, and, if any class or series of shares
is entitled to vote as a separate group on the plan of merger or share
exchange, the approval of each such separate voting group at a meeting
at which a quorum of the voting group is present.

(f)  Separate voting by voting groups is required:

(i)  On a plan of merger by each class or series of shares that:

(A)  Are to be converted under the plan of merger into other securities,
interests, obligations, rights to acquire shares, other securities or
interests, cash, other property, or any combination of the foregoing; or

(B)  Would be entitled to vote as a separate group on a provision in the
plan that, if contained in a proposed amendment to articles of
incorporation, would require action by separate voting groups under W.S.
17‑16‑1004;

(ii)  On a plan of share exchange by each class or series of shares
included in the exchange, with each class or series constituting a
separate voting group; and

(iii)  On a plan of merger or share exchange, if the voting group is
entitled under the articles of incorporation to vote as a voting group
to approve a plan of merger or share exchange.

(g)  Unless the articles of incorporation otherwise provide, approval by
the corporation's shareholders of a plan of merger or share exchange is
not required if:

(i)  The corporation will survive the merger or is the acquiring
corporation in a share exchange;

(ii)  Except for amendments permitted by W.S. 17‑16‑1005, its articles
of incorporation will not be changed;

(iii)  Each shareholder of the corporation whose shares were outstanding
immediately before the effective date of the merger or share exchange
will hold the same number of shares, with identical preferences,
limitations, and relative rights, immediately after the effective date
of change; and

(iv)  The issuance in the merger or share exchange of shares or other
securities convertible into or rights exercisable for shares does not
require a vote under W.S. 17‑16‑621(f).

(h)  If as a result of a merger or share exchange one (1) or more
shareholders of a domestic corporation would become subject to owner
liability for the debts, obligations or liabilities of any other person
or entity, approval of the plan of merger or share exchange shall
require the execution, by each shareholder of the domestic corporation,
of a separate written consent to become subject to owner liability.

(j)  After a merger or share exchange is authorized, and at any time
before articles of merger or share exchange are filed, the planned
merger or share exchange may be abandoned, subject to any contractual
rights, without further shareholder action, in accordance with the
procedure set forth in the plan of merger or share exchange or, if none
is set forth, in the manner determined by the board of directors.

17‑16‑1105.  Merger between parent and subsidiary or between
subsidiaries.

(a)  A domestic parent corporation that owns shares of a domestic or
foreign subsidiary corporation that carry at least eighty percent (80%)
of the voting power of each class and series of the outstanding shares
of a subsidiary that have voting power may merge the subsidiary into
itself or into another such subsidiary, or merge itself into the
subsidiary, without approval of the board of directors or shareholders
of the subsidiary, unless the articles of incorporation of any of the
corporations otherwise provide, and unless, in the case of a foreign
subsidiary, approval by the subsidiary's board of directors or
shareholders is required by the laws under which the subsidiary is
organized.

(b)  If under subsection (a) of this section approval of a merger by the
subsidiary's shareholders is not required, the parent corporation shall,
within ten (10) days after the effective date of the merger, notify each
of the subsidiary's shareholders that the merger has become effective.

(c)  Except as provided in subsections (a) and (b) of this section, a
merger between a parent and a subsidiary shall be governed by the
provisions of this article applicable to mergers generally.

17‑16‑1106.  Articles of merger or share exchange.

(a)  After a plan of merger or share exchange has been adopted and
approved as required by this act, articles of merger or share exchange
shall be executed on behalf of the surviving or acquiring corporation by
any officer or other duly authorized representative. The articles shall
set forth:

(i)  The names of the parties to the merger or share exchange;

(ii)  If the articles of incorporation of the survivor of a merger are
amended, or if a new corporation is created as a result of a merger, the
amendments to the survivor's articles of incorporation or the articles
of incorporation of the new corporation;

(iii)  If the plan of merger or share exchange required approval by the
shareholders of a domestic corporation that was a party to the merger or
share exchange, a statement that the plan was duly approved by the
shareholders and, if voting by any separate voting group was required,
by each such separate voting group, in the manner required by this act
and the articles of incorporation;

(iv)  If the plan of merger or share exchange did not require approval
by the shareholders of a domestic corporation that was a party to the
merger or share exchange, a statement to that effect; and

(v)  As to each foreign corporation or eligible entity that was a party
to the merger or share exchange, a statement that the participation of
the foreign corporation or eligible entity was duly authorized as
required by the organic law of the corporation or eligible entity.

(b)  Articles of merger or share exchange shall be delivered to the
secretary of state for filing by the survivor of the merger or the
acquiring corporation in a share exchange, and shall take effect upon
the effective time provided in W.S. 17‑16‑123. Articles of merger or
share exchange filed under this section may be combined with any filing
required under any other provision of Wyoming law if the combined filing
satisfies the requirements of both this section and any other provision
of Wyoming law.

17‑16‑1107.  Effect of merger or share exchange.

(a)  When a merger becomes effective:

(i)  The corporation or eligible entity that is designated in the plan
of merger as the survivor continues or comes into existence, as the case
may be and the separate existence of every corporation or eligible
entity that is merged into the survivor ceases;

(ii)  Reserved;

(iii)  All property owned by, and every contract right possessed by,
each corporation or eligible entity that merges into the survivor is
vested in the survivor without reversion or impairment;

(iv)  All liabilities of each corporation or eligible entity that is
merged into the survivor are vested in the survivor;

(v)  The name of the survivor may, but need not be, substituted in any
pending proceeding for the name of any party to the merger whose
separate existence ceased in the merger;

(vi)  The articles of incorporation or organic documents of the survivor
are amended to the extent provided in the plan of merger;

(vii)  The shares of each corporation that is a party to the merger, and
the interests in an eligible entity that is a party to a merger, that
are to be converted under the plan of merger into shares, eligible
interests, obligations, rights to acquire securities, other securities,
or eligible interests, cash, other property, or any combination of the
foregoing, are converted, and the former holders of the shares or
eligible interests are entitled only to the rights provided in the plan
of merger or to any rights they may have under article 13 of this
chapter or the organic law of the eligible entity; and

(viii)  The articles of incorporation or organic documents of a survivor
that is created by the merger become effective.

(b)  When a share exchange becomes effective, the shares of each
domestic corporation that are to be exchanged for shares or other
securities, interests, obligations, rights to acquire shares or other
securities, cash, other property, or any combination of the foregoing,
are entitled only to the rights provided to them in the plan of share
exchange or to any rights they may have under article 13 of this
chapter.

(c)  A person who becomes subject to owner liability for some or all of
the debts, obligations or liabilities of any entity as a result of a
merger or share exchange shall have owner liability only to the extent
provided in the organic law of the entity and only for those debts,
obligations and liabilities that arise after the effective time of the
articles of merger or share exchange.

(d)  Upon a merger becoming effective, a foreign corporation, or a
foreign eligible entity, that is the survivor of the merger is deemed
to:

(i)  Appoint the secretary of state as its agent for service of process
in a proceeding to enforce the rights of shareholders of each domestic
corporation that is a party to the merger who exercise appraisal rights;
and

(ii)  Agree that it will promptly pay the amount, if any, to which such
shareholders are entitled under article 13.

(e)  The effect of a merger or share exchange on the owner liability of
a person who had owner liability for some or all of the debts,
obligations or liabilities of a party to the merger or share exchange
shall be as follows:

(i)  The merger or share exchange does not discharge any owner liability
under the organic law of the entity in which the person was a
shareholder or interest holder to the extent any owner liability arose
before the effective time of the articles of merger or share exchange;

(ii)  The person shall not have owner liability under the organic law of
the entity in which the person was a shareholder or interest holder
prior to the merger or share exchange for any debt, obligation or
liability that arises after the effective time of the articles of merger
or share exchange;

(iii)  The provisions of the organic law of any entity for which the
person had owner liability before the merger or share exchange shall
continue to apply to the collection or discharge of any owner liability
preserved by paragraph (i) of this subsection, as if the merger or share
exchange had not occurred;

(iv)  The person shall have whatever rights of contribution from other
persons are provided by the organic law of the entity for which the
person had owner liability with respect to any owner liability preserved
by paragraph (i) of this subsection, as if the merger or share exchange
had not occurred.

17‑16‑1108.  Abandonment of a merger or share exchange.

(a)  Unless otherwise provided in a plan of merger or share exchange or
in the laws under which a foreign business corporation or a domestic or
foreign eligible entity that is a party to a merger or a share exchange
is organized or by which it is governed, after the plan has been adopted
and approved as required by this chapter, and at any time before the
merger or share exchange has become effective, it may be abandoned by a
domestic business corporation that is a party thereto without action by
its shareholders in accordance with any procedures set forth in the plan
of merger or share exchange or, if no such procedures are set forth in
the plan, in the manner determined by the board of directors, subject to
any contractual rights of other parties to the merger or share exchange.

(b)  If a merger or share exchange is abandoned under subsection (a) of
this section after articles of merger or share exchange have been filed
with the secretary of state but before the merger or share exchange has
become effective, a statement that the merger or share exchange has been
abandoned in accordance with this section, executed on behalf of a party
to the merger or share exchange by an officer or other duly authorized
representative, shall be delivered to the secretary of state for filing
prior to the effective date of the merger or share exchange. Upon
filing, the statement shall take effect and the merger or share exchange
shall be deemed abandoned and shall not become effective.

17‑16‑1110.  Consolidation.

(a)  Any two (2) or more domestic corporations may consolidate into a
new corporation pursuant to a plan of consolidation approved in the
manner provided in this act.

(b)  The board of directors of each corporation shall, by a resolution
adopted by each board, approve a plan of consolidation setting forth:

(i)  The names of the corporations proposing to consolidate, and the
name of the new corporation into which they proposed to consolidate,
which is hereinafter designated as the new corporation;

(ii)  The terms and conditions of the proposed consolidation;

(iii)  The manner and basis of converting the shares of each corporation
into shares or other securities or obligations of the new corporation or
of any other corporation or, in whole or in part, into cash or other
property;

(iv)  With respect to the new corporation, all of the statements
required to be set forth in articles of incorporation for corporations
organized under this act; and

(v)  Such other provisions with respect to the proposed consolidation as
are deemed necessary or desirable.

17‑16‑1111.  Approval by shareholders; abandonment of plan.

(a)  The board of directors of each corporation, upon approving the plan
of consolidation, shall, by resolution, direct that the plan be
submitted to a vote at a meeting of shareholders, which may be either an
annual or a special meeting. Written or printed notice shall be given to
each shareholder of record whether or not entitled to vote at the
meeting, not less than twenty (20) days before the meeting, in the
manner provided in this act for the giving of notice of meetings of
shareholders, and shall state that the purpose or one (1) of the
purposes of the meeting is to consider the proposed plan of
consolidation, whether the meeting be an annual or a special meeting. A
copy of a summary of the plan of consolidation shall be included in or
enclosed with the notice.

(b)  At the shareholder's meeting for each corporation, a vote of the
shareholders shall be taken on the proposed plan. The plan shall be
approved upon receiving the affirmative vote of the holders of at least
a majority of the shares entitled to vote. However, if any class of
shares of each corporation is entitled to vote as a class, the plan
shall be approved upon receiving the affirmative vote of the holders of
at least a majority of the shares of each class of shares entitled to
vote as a class. Any class of shares of each corporation shall be
entitled to vote as a class if the plan contains any provision which, if
contained in a proposed amendment to articles of incorporation, would
entitle the class of shares to vote as a class.

(c)  After approval by a vote of the shareholders of each corporation,
and at any time prior to the filing of the articles of consolidation,
the consolidation may be abandoned pursuant to provisions of the
articles of consolidation, if any, set forth in the plan.

17‑16‑1112.  Articles of consolidation.

(a)  Upon approval, articles of consolidation shall be delivered to the
secretary of state for filing. The articles of consolidation shall set
forth:

(i)  The plan of consolidation;

(ii)  As to each corporation the shareholders of which were required to
vote on the plan, the number of shares outstanding, and, if the shares
of any class are entitled to vote as a class, the designation and number
of outstanding shares of each class;

(iii)  As to each corporation the shareholders of which were required to
vote on the plan, the number of shares voted for and against the plan,
respectively, and, if the shares of any class are entitled to vote as a
class, the number of shares of each class voted for and against the plan
respectively.

17‑16‑1113.  Effect of consolidation.

(a)  A consolidation becomes effective upon filing by the secretary of
state, or on a later date, not more than thirty (30) days subsequent to
filing the plan with the secretary of state, as shall be provided in the
plan.

(b)  When a consolidation takes effect:

(i)  The several corporations party to the plan of consolidation are a
single corporation, which is the new corporation provided for in the
plan of consolidation;

(ii)  The separate existence of all corporations party to the plan of
consolidation except the new corporation ceases;

(iii)  The new corporation has all the rights, privileges, immunities
and powers and is subject to all the duties and liabilities of a
corporation organized under this act;

(iv)  The new corporation has all the rights, privileges, immunities and
franchises, public or private, of each corporation party to the plan of
consolidation. The title to all real estate and other property owned by
each corporation party to the plan of consolidation is vested in the new
corporation without reversion or impairment;

(v)  The new corporation has all the liabilities and obligations of each
corporation party to the plan of consolidation. Any claim existing or
proceeding pending by or against any corporation party to the plan of
consolidation may be continued as if the consolidation did not occur or
the new corporation may be substituted for the corporation whose
existence ceased. Neither the rights of creditors nor any liens upon the
property of any corporation party to the plan of consolidation shall be
impaired by the consolidation;

(vi)  The statements set forth in the articles of consolidation and
which are required or permitted to be set forth in the articles of
incorporation of corporations organized under this act shall be deemed
to be the original articles of incorporation of the new corporation;

(vii)  The shares of each corporation party to the plan of consolidation
that are to be converted into shares, obligations or other securities of
the new corporation or into cash or other property are converted, and
the former holders of the shares are entitled only to the rights
provided in the plan of consolidation or to their rights under article
13 of this act.

17‑16‑1114.  Consolidation of domestic and foreign corporations.

(a)  One (1) or more foreign corporations and one (1) or more domestic
corporations may be consolidated in the following manner, if the
consolidation is permitted by the laws of the state under which each
foreign corporation is organized:

(i)  Each domestic corporation shall comply with the provisions of this
act with respect to the consolidation of domestic corporations and each
foreign corporation shall comply with the applicable provisions of the
laws of the state under which it is organized;

(ii)  If the new corporation in a consolidation is to be governed by the
laws of any state other than Wyoming, it shall comply with the
provisions of this act with respect to foreign corporations if it is to
transact business in Wyoming, and in every case it shall file with the
secretary of state of Wyoming:

(A)  An agreement that it may be served with process in Wyoming in any
proceeding for the enforcement of any obligation of any domestic
corporation which is a party to such consolidation and in any proceeding
for the enforcement of the rights of a dissenting shareholder of any
such domestic corporation against the new corporation;

(B)  An irrevocable appointment of the secretary of state of Wyoming as
its agent to accept service of process in any such proceeding; and

(C)  An agreement that it will promptly pay to the dissenting
shareholders of any such domestic corporation the amount, if any, to
which they shall be entitled under the provisions of this act with
respect to the rights of dissenting shareholders.

17‑16‑1115.  Conversion of corporation to limited liability company.

(a)  A domestic corporation may be converted to a domestic limited
liability company pursuant to chapter 26 of this title.

(b)  A foreign corporation may be converted to a domestic limited
liability company pursuant to chapter 26 of this title.

(c)  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 115, § 3.

(d)  After the conversion is approved by the shareholders, the limited
liability company shall file articles of organization which satisfy the
requirements of W.S. 17‑29‑201 and include:

(i)  A statement that the corporation was converted to a limited
liability company;

(ii)  Its former name;

(iii)  The state of formation and the date of organization; and

(iv)  A statement of the number of votes cast by the shareholders for
and against conversion and if the vote is less than unanimous, the
number or percentage required to approve the conversion under the
articles of incorporation or bylaws.

(e)  The conversion takes effect when the articles of organization are
filed or at any later date specified in the articles.

17‑16‑1116.  Effect of conversion.

(a)  Upon conversion:

(i)  All property owned by the corporation remains in the limited
liability company;

(ii)  All obligations of the converting corporation continue as
obligations of the resulting limited liability company; and

(iii)  An action or proceeding pending against the converting
corporation may be continued as if the conversion had not occurred.

ARTICLE 12

SALE OF ASSETS

17‑16‑1201.  Disposition of assets not requiring shareholder approval.

(a)  No approval of the shareholders of a corporation is required unless
the articles of incorporation otherwise provide:

(i)  To sell, lease, exchange, or otherwise dispose of any or all of the
corporation's assets in the usual and regular course of business;

(ii)  To mortgage, pledge, dedicate to the repayment of indebtedness,
whether with or without recourse, or otherwise encumber any or all of
the corporation's assets whether or not in the usual and regular course
of business; or

(iii)  To transfer any or all of the corporation's assets to one (1) or
more corporations or other entities all of the shares or interests of
which are owned by the corporation; or

(iv)  To distribute assets pro rata to the holders of one (1) or more
classes or series of the corporation's shares.

(b)  Repealed by Laws 2009, Ch. 115, § 3.

17‑16‑1202.  Shareholder approval of certain dispositions.

(a)  A sale, lease, exchange, or other disposition of assets, other than
a disposition described in W.S. 17‑16‑1201, requires approval of the
corporation's shareholders if the disposition would leave the
corporation without a significant continuing business activity. If a
significant business activity of the corporation prior to any such
disposition of assets was the active or passive holding, maintenance or
management of investments, then such holding, maintenance or management
of investments shall be considered a significant continuing business
activity. If a corporation retains a business activity that represented
at least twenty-five percent (25%) of total assets at the end of the
most recently completed fiscal year, and twenty-five percent (25%) of
either income from continuing operations before taxes or revenues from
continuing operations for that fiscal year, in each case of the
corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the
corporation will conclusively be deemed to have retained a significant
continuing business activity.

(b)  A disposition that requires approval of the shareholders under
subsection (a) of this section shall be initiated by a resolution by the
board of directors authorizing the disposition. After adoption of such a
resolution, the board of directors shall submit the proposed disposition
to the shareholders for their approval. The board of directors shall
also transmit to the shareholders a recommendation that the shareholders
approve the proposed disposition, unless the board of directors makes a
determination that because of conflicts of interest or other special
circumstances it should not make such a recommendation, in which case
the board of directors shall transmit to the shareholders the basis for
that determination.

(c)  The board of directors may condition its submission of a
disposition to the shareholders under subsection (b) of this section on
any basis.

(d)  If a disposition is required to be approved by the shareholders
under subsection (a) of this section and if the approval is to be given
at a meeting, the corporation shall notify each shareholder, whether or
not entitled to vote, of the meeting of shareholders at which the
disposition is to be submitted for approval. The notice shall state that
the purpose, or one (1) of the purposes, of the meeting is to consider
the disposition and shall contain a description of the disposition,
including the terms and conditions thereof and the consideration to be
received by the corporation.

(e)  Unless the articles of incorporation or the board of directors,
acting pursuant to subsection (c) of this section, require a greater
vote or a greater number of votes to be present, the approval of a
disposition by the shareholders shall require the approval of the
shareholders at a meeting at which a quorum exists.

(f)  After a disposition has been approved by the shareholders under
subsection (b) of this section and at any time before the disposition
has been consummated, it may be abandoned by the corporation without
action by the shareholders, subject to any contractual rights of other
parties to the disposition.

(g)  A disposition of assets in the course of dissolution under article
14 is not governed by this section.

(h)  For purposes of this section, the ownership interests of a parent
corporation in its subsidiaries, whether owned directly by the parent
corporation or indirectly through other subsidiaries shall be valued at
the net asset values of such subsidiaries, without application of any
discount to the valuation of such ownership interests because of a lack
of marketability or otherwise.

ARTICLE 13

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

17‑16‑1301.  Definitions.

(a)  As used in this article:

(i)  "Beneficial shareholder" means the person who is the beneficial
owner of shares held in a voting trust or by a nominee on the beneficial
owner's behalf;

(ii)  "Corporation" means the issuer of the shares held by a shareholder
demanding appraisal and, for matters covered in W.S. 17‑16‑1322 through
17‑16‑1331, includes the surviving entity in a merger;

(iii)  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 115, § 3.

(iv)  "Fair value" means the value of the corporation's shares
determined:

(A)  Immediately before the effectuation of the corporate action to
which the shareholder objects;

(B)  Using customary and current valuation concepts and techniques
generally employed for similar businesses in the context of the
transaction requiring appraisal; and

(C)  Without discounting for lack of marketability or minority status
except, if appropriate, for amendments to the articles pursuant to W.S
17‑16‑1302(a)(v).

(v)  "Interest" means interest from the effective date of the corporate
action until the date of payment, at the average rate currently paid by
the corporation on its principal bank loans, or, if none, at a rate that
is fair and equitable under all the circumstances;

(vi)  "Record shareholder" means the person in whose names shares are
registered in the records of a corporation or the beneficial owner of
shares to the extent of the rights granted by a nominee certificate on
file with a corporation;

(vii)  "Shareholder" means the record shareholder or the beneficial
shareholder.

(viii)  "Affiliate" means a person that directly or indirectly through
one (1) or more intermediaries controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with another person or is a senior executive thereof;

(ix)  "Beneficial owner" means any person who, directly or indirectly,
through any contract, arrangement, or understanding, other than a
revocable proxy, has or shares the power to vote, or to direct the
voting of, shares; except that a member of a national securities
exchange is not deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities held
directly or indirectly by it on behalf of another person solely because
the member is the record holder of the securities if the member is
precluded by the rules of the exchange from voting without instruction
on contested matters or matters that may affect substantially the rights
or privileges of the holders of the securities to be voted. When two (2)
or more persons agree to act together for the purpose of voting their
shares of the corporation, each member of the group formed thereby is
deemed to have acquired beneficial ownership, as of the date of the
agreement, of all voting shares of the corporation beneficially owned by
any member of the group;

(x)  "Preferred shares" means a class or series of shares whose holders
have preference over any other class or series with respect to
distributions.

17‑16‑1302.  Right to appraisal.

(a)  A shareholder is entitled to appraisal rights, and to obtain
payment of the fair value of his shares in the event of, any of the
following corporate actions:

(i)  Consummation of a plan of merger or consolidation to which the
corporation is a party if:

(A)  Shareholder approval is required for the merger or the
consolidation by W.S. 17‑16‑1104 or 17‑16‑1111 and the shareholder is
entitled to vote on the merger or consolidation, except that appraisal
rights shall not be available to any shareholder of the corporation with
respect to shares of any class or series that remain outstanding after
consummation of the merger; or

(B)  The corporation is a subsidiary that is merged with its parent
under W.S. 17‑16‑1105.

(ii)  Consummation of a share exchange to which the corporation is a
party as the corporation whose shares will be acquired, if the
shareholder is entitled to vote on the exchange, except that appraisal
rights shall not be available to any shareholder of the corporation with
respect to any class or series of shares of the corporation that is not
exchanged;

(iii)  Consummation of a disposition of assets pursuant to W.S.
17‑16‑1202 if the shareholder is entitled to vote on the disposition;

(iv)  An amendment of the articles of incorporation with respect to a
class or series of shares that:

(A)  Alters or abolishes a preferential right of the shares;

(B)  Creates, alters or abolishes a right in respect of redemption,
including a provision respecting a sinking fund for the redemption or
repurchase, of the shares;

(C)  Alters or abolishes a preemptive right of the holder of the shares
to acquire shares or other securities;

(D)  Excludes or limits the right of the shares to vote on any matter,
or to cumulate votes, other than a limitation by dilution through
issuance of shares or other securities with similar voting rights; or

(E)  Reduces the number of shares of a class or series owned by the
shareholder to a fraction of a share if the corporation has the
obligation or right to repurchase the fractional share so created.

(v)  Any other amendment to the articles of incorporation, merger, share
exchange or disposition of assets if specifically provided in the
articles of incorporation, bylaws or a resolution of the board of
directors;

(vi)  Consummation of a transfer or domestication if the shareholder
does not receive shares in the foreign corporation resulting from the
transfer or domestication that have terms as favorable to the
shareholder in all material respects, and represent at least the same
percentage interest of the total voting rights of the outstanding shares
of the corporation, as the shares held by the shareholder before the
transfer or domestication;

(vii)  Consummation of a conversion of the corporation to nonprofit
status; or

(viii)  Consummation of a conversion of the corporation to an
unincorporated entity.

(b)  Notwithstanding subsection (a) of this section, the availability of
appraisal rights under paragraphs (a)(i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (vi) and
(viii) of this section shall be limited in accordance with the following
provisions:

(i)  Appraisal rights shall not be available for the holders of shares
of any class or series of shares which is:

(A)  A covered security under section 18(b)(1)(A) or (B) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended; or

(B)  Traded in an organized market and has at least two thousand (2,000)
shareholders and a market value of at least twenty million dollars
(\$20,000,000.00), exclusive of the value of such shares held by the
corporation's subsidiaries, senior executives, directors and beneficial
shareholders owning more than ten percent (10%) of such shares; or

(C)  Issued by an open end management investment company registered with
the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Investment Company Act
of 1940 and may be redeemed at the option of the holder at net asset
value.

(ii)  The applicability of paragraph (i) of this subsection shall be
determined as of:

(A)  The record date fixed to determine the shareholders entitled to
receive notice of, and to vote at, the meeting of shareholders to act
upon the corporate action requiring appraisal rights; or

(B)  The day before the effective date of such corporate action if there
is no meeting of shareholders.

(iii)  Paragraph (i) of this subsection shall not be applicable and
appraisal rights shall be available pursuant to subsection (a) of this
section for the holders of any class or series of shares who are
required by the terms of the corporate action requiring appraisal rights
to accept for such shares anything other than cash or shares of any
class or any series of shares of any corporation, or any other
proprietary interest of any other entity, that satisfies the standards
set forth in paragraph (i) of this subsection at the time the corporate
action becomes effective;

(iv)  Reserved.

17‑16‑1303.  Assertion of rights by nominees and beneficial owners.

(a)  A record shareholder may assert appraisal rights as to fewer than
all the shares registered in the record shareholder's name but owned by
a beneficial shareholder only if the record shareholder objects with
respect to all shares of the class or series owned by the beneficial
shareholder and notifies the corporation in writing of the name and
address of each beneficial shareholder on whose behalf appraisal rights
are being asserted. The rights of a record shareholder who asserts
appraisal rights for only part of the shares held of record in the
record shareholder's name under this subsection shall be determined as
if the shares as to which the record shareholder objects and the record
shareholder's other shares were registered in the names of different
record shareholders.

(b)  A beneficial shareholder may assert appraisal rights as to shares
of any class or series held on behalf of the shareholder only if the
shareholder:

(i)  Submits to the corporation the record shareholder's written consent
to the assertion of those rights not later than the date provided in
W.S. 17‑16‑1322(b)(ii)(B); and

(ii)  Does so with respect to all shares of the class or series that are
beneficially owned by the beneficial shareholder.

17‑16‑1320.  Notice of appraisal rights.

(a)  If proposed corporate action described in W.S. 17‑16‑1302 is to be
submitted to a vote at a shareholders' meeting, the meeting notice shall
state that corporation has concluded that shareholders are, are not or
may be entitled to assert appraisal rights under this article. If the
corporation concludes that appraisal rights are or may be available, a
copy of this article shall accompany the meeting notice sent to those
record shareholders entitled to exercise appraisal rights.

(b)  In a merger pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑1105, the parent corporation
shall notify in writing all record shareholders of the subsidiary who
are entitled to assert appraisal rights that the corporate action became
effective. The notice shall be sent within ten (10) days after the
corporate action became effective and include the materials described in
W.S. 17‑16‑1322.

(c)  Where any corporate action specified in W.S. 17‑16‑1302(a) is to be
approved by written consent of the shareholders pursuant to W.S.
17‑16‑704:

(i)  Written notice that appraisal rights are, are not or may be
available shall be given to each record shareholder from whom a consent
is solicited at the time consent of such shareholder is first solicited
and, if the corporation has concluded that appraisal rights are or may
be available, shall be accompanied by a copy of this article; and

(ii)  Written notice that appraisal rights are, are not or may be
available shall be delivered together with the notice to nonconsenting
and nonvoting shareholders required by W.S. 17‑16‑704(e) and (f), may
include the materials described in W.S. 17‑16‑1322 and, if the
corporation has concluded that appraisal rights are or may be available,
shall be accompanied by a copy of this article.

(d)  Where corporate action described in W.S. 17‑16‑1302(a) is proposed,
or a merger pursuant to W.S 17‑16‑1105 is effected, the notice referred
to in subsection (a) or (c) of this section, if the corporation
concludes that appraisal rights are or may be available, and in
subsection (b) of this section shall be accompanied by:

(i)  The annual financial statements specified in W.S. 17‑16‑1620(a) of
the corporation that issued the shares that may be subject to appraisal,
which shall be as of a date ending not more than sixteen (16) months
before the date of the notice and shall comply with W.S. 17‑16‑1620(b);
provided that, if the annual financial statements are not reasonably
available, the corporation shall provide reasonably equivalent financial
information; and

(ii)  The latest available quarterly financial statements of such
corporation, if any.

(e)  The right to receive the information described in subsection (d) of
this section may be waived in writing by a shareholder before or after
the corporate action.

17‑16‑1321.  Notice of intent to demand payment and consequences of
voting or consenting.

(a)  If proposed corporate action requiring appraisal under W.S.
17‑16‑1302 is submitted to a vote at a shareholders' meeting, a
shareholder who wishes to assert appraisal rights with respect to any
class or series of shares:

(i)  Shall deliver to the corporation before the vote is taken written
notice of the shareholder's intent to demand payment if the proposed
action is effectuated; and

(ii)  Shall not vote or cause or permit to be voted any shares of the
class or series in favor of the proposed action.

(b)  If a corporate action specified in W.S. 17‑16‑1302(a) is to be
approved by written consent, a shareholder who wishes to assert
appraisal rights with respect to any class or series of shares shall not
execute a consent in favor of the proposed action with respect to that
class or series of shares.

(c)  A shareholder who does not satisfy the requirements of subsection
(a) or (b) of this section is not entitled to payment for his shares
under this article.

17‑16‑1322.  Appraisal notice and form.

(a)  If corporate action requiring appraisal under W.S. 17‑16‑1302(a)
becomes effective, the corporation shall deliver a written appraisal
notice to all shareholders who satisfied the requirements of W.S.
17‑16‑1321(a) or (b). In the case of a merger under W.S. 17‑16‑1105, the
parent shall deliver a written appraisal notice and form to all record
shareholders who may be entitled to assert appraisal rights.

(b)  The appraisal notice shall be sent no later than ten (10) days
after the corporate action specified in W.S. 17‑16‑1302(a) became
effective, and shall:

(i)  Supply a form that:

(A)  Specifies the first date of any announcement to shareholders made
prior to the date the corporate action became effective of the principal
terms of the proposed corporate action; and

(B)  If such announcement was made, requires that the shareholder
asserting appraisal rights certify whether beneficial ownership of the
shares for which appraisal rights are asserted was acquired before that
date; and

(C)  Requires the shareholder asserting appraisal rights to certify that
such shareholder did not vote for or consent to the transaction.

(ii)  State:

(A)  Where the form shall be sent and where certificates for
certificated shares shall be deposited and the date by which those
certificates shall be deposited, which date may not be earlier than the
date for receiving the required form under subparagraph (B) of this
paragraph;

(B)  Date by which the corporation shall receive the form, which date
may not be fewer than forty (40) nor more than sixty (60) days after the
date the appraisal notice and form are sent pursuant to subsection (a)
of this section, and state that the shareholder shall have waived the
right to demand appraisal with respect to the shares unless the form is
received by the corporation by such specified date;

(C)  The corporation's estimate of the fair value of the shares;

(D)  That, if requested in writing, the corporation will provide, to the
shareholder so requesting, within ten (10) days after the date specified
in subparagraph (B) of this paragraph the number of shareholders who
return the forms by the specified date and the total number of shares
owned by them; and

(E)  The date by which the notice to withdraw under W.S. 17‑16‑1323 must
be received, which date shall be within twenty (20) days after the date
specified in subparagraph (B) of this paragraph.

(iii)  Be accompanied by a copy of this article.

17‑16‑1323.  Perfection of rights; right to withdraw.

(a)  A shareholder who receives notice pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑1322 and
who wishes to exercise appraisal rights shall sign and return the form
sent by the corporation and, in the case of certificated shares, deposit
his certificates in accordance with the terms of the notice by the date
referred to in the notice pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑1322(b)(ii)(B). In
addition, if applicable, the shareholder shall certify on the form
whether the beneficial owner of such shares acquired beneficial
ownership of the shares before the date required to be set forth in the
notice pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑1322(b)(i). If a shareholder fails to make
this certification, the corporation may elect to treat the shareholder's
shares as after acquired shares under W.S. 17‑16‑1324. Once a
shareholder deposits that shareholder's certificates or, in the case of
uncertificated shares, returns the signed forms, that shareholder loses
all rights as a shareholder, unless the shareholder withdraws pursuant
to subsection (b) of this section.

(b)  The shareholder who has complied with subsection (a) of this
section may nevertheless decline to exercise appraisal rights and
withdraw from the appraisal process by so notifying the corporation in
writing by the date set forth in the appraisal notice pursuant to W.S.
17‑16‑1322(b)(ii)(E). A shareholder who fails to so withdraw from the
appraisal process may not thereafter withdraw without the corporation's
written consent.

(c)  A shareholder who does not sign and return the form and, in the
case of certificated shares, deposit his share certificates where
required, each by the date set forth in the notice described in W.S.
17‑16‑1322(b), is not entitled to payment under this article.

17‑16‑1324.  Payment.

(a)  Except as provided in W.S. 17‑16‑1325, within one hundred twenty
(120) days after the form required by W.S. 17‑16‑1322(b)(ii)(B) is due,
the corporation shall pay in cash or other agreed upon consideration to
those shareholders who complied with W.S. 17‑16‑1323 the amount the
corporation estimates to be the fair value of his shares, plus interest.

(b)  The payment to each shareholder pursuant to subsection (a) of this
section shall be accompanied by:

(i)  The annual financial statements specified in W.S. 17‑16‑1620(a) of
the corporation that issued the shares to be appraised, which shall be
of a date ending not more than sixteen (16) months before the date of
payment and shall comply with W.S. 17‑16‑1620(b), provided that if such
annual financial statements are not reasonably available, the
corporation shall provide reasonably equivalent financial information.
The corporation shall also provide the latest available quarterly
financial statements, if any;

(ii)  A statement of the corporation's estimate of the fair value of the
shares which estimate shall equal or exceed the corporation's estimate
given pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑1322(b)(ii)(C);

(iii)  A statement that shareholders described in subsection (a) of this
section have the right to demand further payment under W.S. 17‑16‑1326
and that if any shareholder does not do so within the time period
specified therein, the shareholder shall be deemed to have accepted such
payment in full satisfaction of the corporation's obligations under this
article.

17‑16‑1325.  After-acquired shares.

(a)  A corporation may elect to withhold payment required by W.S.
17‑16‑1324 from any shareholder who was required to, but did not certify
that beneficial ownership of all of the shareholder's shares for which
appraisal rights are asserted was acquired before the date set forth in
the appraisal notice sent pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑1322(b)(i).

(b)  If the corporation elected to withhold payment under subsection (a)
of this section, it shall, within thirty (30) days after the form
required by W.S. 17‑16‑1322(b)(ii)(B) is due, notify all shareholders
described in subsection (a) of this section:

(i)  Of the information required by W.S. 17‑16‑1324(b)(i);

(ii)  Of the corporation's estimate of fair value pursuant to W.S.
17‑16‑1324(b)(ii);

(iii)  That they may accept the corporation's estimate of fair value,
plus interest, in full satisfaction of their demands or demand appraisal
under W.S. 17‑16‑1326;

(iv)  That those shareholders who wish to accept the offer shall so
notify the corporation of their acceptance of the corporation's offer
within thirty (30) days after receiving the offer; and

(v)  That those shareholders who do not satisfy the requirements for
demanding appraisal under W.S. 17‑16‑1326 shall be deemed to have
accepted the corporation's offer.

(c)  Within ten (10) days after receiving the shareholder's acceptance
pursuant to subsection (b) of this section, the corporation shall pay in
cash or other agreed upon consideration the amount it offered under
paragraph (b)(ii) of this section to each shareholder who agreed to
accept the corporation's offer in full satisfaction of the shareholder's
demand.

(d)  Within one hundred thirty (130) days after sending the notice
described in subsection (b) of this section, the corporation shall pay
in cash the amount it offered to pay under paragraph (b)(ii) of this
section to each shareholder described in paragraph (b)(v) of this
section.

17‑16‑1326.  Procedure if shareholder dissatisfied with payment or
offer.

(a)  A shareholder paid pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑1324 who is dissatisfied
with the amount of the payment may notify the corporation in writing of
that shareholder's estimate of the fair value of his shares and demand
payment of his estimate plus interest, less any payment under W.S.
17‑16‑1324. A shareholder offered payment under W.S. 17‑16‑1325 who is
dissatisfied with that offer shall reject the offer and demand payment
of the shareholder's stated estimate of the fair value of the shares
plus interest.

(b)  A shareholder who fails to notify the corporation in writing of
that shareholder's demand to be paid the shareholder's stated estimate
of the fair value plus interest under subsection (a) of this section
within thirty (30) days after receiving the corporation's payment or
offer of payment under W.S. 17‑16‑1324 or 17‑16‑1325, respectively,
waives the right to demand payment under this section and shall be
entitled only to the payment made or offered pursuant to those
respective sections.

17‑16‑1330.  Court action.

(a)  If a shareholder makes a demand for payment under W.S. 17‑16‑1326
which remains unsettled, the corporation shall commence a proceeding
within sixty (60) days after receiving the payment demand and petition
the court to determine the fair value of the shares and accrued
interest. If the corporation does not commence the proceeding within the
sixty (60) day period, it shall pay each shareholder demanding appraisal
rights whose demand remains unsettled the amount demanded pursuant to
W.S. 17‑16‑1326 plus interest.

(b)  The corporation shall commence the proceeding in the district court
of the county where a corporation's principal office, or if none in this
state, its registered office, is located. If the corporation is a
foreign corporation without a registered office in this state, it shall
commence the proceeding in the county in this state where the principal
office or registered office of the domestic corporation merged with or
whose shares were acquired by the foreign corporation was located at the
time of the transaction.

(c)  The corporation shall make all shareholders, whether or not
residents of this state, whose demands remain unsettled parties to the
proceeding as in an action against their shares and all parties shall be
served with a copy of the petition. Nonresidents may be served by
registered or certified mail or by publication as provided by law.

(d)  The jurisdiction of the court in which the proceeding is commenced
under subsection (b) of this section is plenary and exclusive. The court
may appoint one (1) or more persons as appraisers to receive evidence
and recommend decision on the question of fair value. The appraisers
have the powers described in the order appointing them, or in the
amendment to it. The shareholders demanding appraisal rights are
entitled to the same discovery rights as parties in other civil
proceedings.

(e)  Each shareholder made a party to the proceeding is entitled to
judgment for:

(i)  The amount, if any, by which the court finds the fair value of his
shares, plus interest, exceeds the amount paid by the corporation to the
shareholder for those shares; or

(ii)  The fair value, plus accrued interest, of his after-acquired
shares for which the corporation elected to withhold payment under W.S.
17‑16‑1325.

17‑16‑1331.  Court costs and counsel fees.

(a)  The court in an appraisal proceeding commenced under W.S.
17‑16‑1330 shall determine all costs of the proceeding, including the
reasonable compensation and expenses of appraisers appointed by the
court. The court shall assess the costs against the corporation, except
that the court may assess costs against all or some of the shareholders
demanding appraisal, in amounts the court finds equitable, to the extent
the court finds the shareholders demanding appraisal rights acted
arbitrarily, vexatiously, or not in good faith with respect to the
rights provided by this article.

(b)  The court in an appraisal proceeding may also assess the fees and
expenses of counsel and experts for the respective parties, in amounts
the court finds equitable:

(i)  Against the corporation and in favor of any or all shareholders
demanding appraisal if the court finds the corporation did not
substantially comply with the requirements of W.S. 17‑16‑1320 through
17‑16‑1326; or

(ii)  Against either the corporation or a shareholder demanding
appraisal, in favor of any other party, if the court finds that the
party against whom the fees and expenses are assessed acted arbitrarily,
vexatiously, or not in good faith with respect to the rights provided by
this article.

(c)  If the court in an appraisal proceeding finds that the services of
counsel and any other expenses incurred for any shareholder demanding
appraisal were of substantial benefit to other shareholders similarly
situated, and that the fees for those services and other expenses should
not be assessed against the corporation, the court may direct that those
fees and expenses be paid out of the amounts awarded the shareholders
who were benefited.

(d)  To the extent the corporation fails to make a required payment
pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑1324, 17‑16‑1325 or 17‑16‑1326, the shareholder
may sue directly for the amount owed, and to the extent successful,
shall be entitled to recover from the corporation all expenses of the
suit.

17‑16‑1340.  Other remedies limited.

(a)  The legality of a proposed or completed corporate action described
in W.S. 17‑16‑1302(a) may not be contested, nor may the corporate action
be enjoined, set aside or rescinded, in a legal or equitable proceeding
by a shareholder after the shareholders have approved the corporate
action.

(b)  Subsection (a) of this section does not apply to a corporate action
that:

(i)  Was not authorized and approved in accordance with the applicable
provisions of:

(A)  Article 9, 10, 11 or 12 of this act;

(B)  The articles of incorporation or bylaws; or

(C)  The resolution of the board of directors authorizing the corporate
action.

(ii)  Was procured as a result of fraud, a material misrepresentation or
an omission of a material fact necessary to make statements made, in
light of the circumstances in which they were made, not misleading;

(iii)  Reserved;

(iv)  Is approved by less than unanimous consent of the voting
shareholders pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑704 if:

(A)  The challenge to the corporate action is brought by a shareholder
who did not consent and as to whom notice of the approval of the
corporate action was not effective at least ten (10) days before the
corporate action was effected; and

(B)  The proceeding challenging the corporate action is commenced within
ten (10) days after notice of the approval of the corporate action is
effective as to the shareholder bringing the proceeding.

ARTICLE 14

DISSOLUTION

17‑16‑1401.  Dissolution by incorporators or initial directors.

(a)  A majority of the incorporators or initial directors of a
corporation that has not issued shares or has not commenced business may
dissolve the corporation by delivering to the secretary of state for
filing articles of dissolution that set forth:

(i)  The name of the corporation;

(ii)  The date of its incorporation;

(iii)  Either:

(A)  That none of the corporation's shares has been issued; or

(B)  That the corporation has not commenced business.

(iv)  That no debt of the corporation remains unpaid;

(v)  That the net assets of the corporation remaining after winding up
have been distributed to the shareholders, if shares were issued; and

(vi)  That a majority of the incorporators or initial directors
authorized the dissolution.

17‑16‑1402.  Dissolution by board of directors and shareholders.

(a)  A corporation's board of directors may propose dissolution for
submission to the shareholders.

(b)  For a proposal to dissolve to be adopted:

(i)  The board of directors shall recommend dissolution to the
shareholders, unless the board of directors determines that because of
conflict of interest or other special circumstances it should make no
recommendation and communicates the basis for its determination to the
shareholders; and

(ii)  The shareholders entitled to vote shall approve the proposal to
dissolve as provided in subsection (e) of this section.

(c)  The board of directors may condition its submission of the proposal
for dissolution on any basis.

(d)  The corporation shall notify each shareholder, whether or not
entitled to vote, of the proposed shareholders' meeting in accordance
with W.S. 17‑16‑705. The notice shall also state that the purpose, or
one (1) of the purposes, of the meeting is to consider dissolving the
corporation.

(e)  Unless the articles of incorporation or the board of directors,
acting pursuant to subsection (c) of this section, require a greater
vote or a vote by voting groups, adoption of the proposal to dissolve
shall require the approval of the shareholders at a meeting at which a
quorum consisting of at least a majority of the votes entitled to be
cast exists.

17‑16‑1403.  Articles of dissolution.

(a)  At any time after dissolution is authorized, the corporation may
dissolve by delivering to the secretary of state for filing articles of
dissolution setting forth:

(i)  The name of the corporation;

(ii)  The date dissolution was authorized;

(iii)  If dissolution was approved by the shareholders a statement that
the proposal to dissolve was duly approved by the shareholders in the
manner required by this act and by the articles of incorporation.

(b)  A corporation is dissolved upon the effective date of its articles
of dissolution.

(c)  For purposes of this article, "dissolved corporation" means a
corporation whose articles of dissolution have become effective and
includes a successor entity to which the remaining assets of the
corporation are transferred subject to its liabilities for purposes of
liquidation.

17‑16‑1404.  Revocation of dissolution.

(a)  A corporation may revoke its dissolution within one hundred twenty
(120) days of the effective date of the dissolution.

(b)  Revocation of dissolution shall be authorized in the same manner as
the dissolution was authorized unless that authorization permitted
revocation by action of the board of directors alone, in which event the
board of directors may revoke the dissolution without shareholder
action.

(c)  After the revocation of dissolution is authorized, the corporation
may revoke the dissolution by delivering to the secretary of state for
filing articles of revocation of dissolution, together with a copy of
its articles of dissolution, that set forth:

(i)  The name of the corporation which shall satisfy the requirements of
W.S. 17‑16‑401;

(ii)  The effective date of the dissolution that was revoked;

(iii)  The date that the revocation of dissolution was authorized;

(iv)  If the corporation's board of directors or incorporators revoked
the dissolution, a statement to that effect;

(v)  If the corporation's board of directors revoked a dissolution
authorized by the shareholders, a statement that revocation was
permitted by action by the board of directors alone pursuant to that
authorization; and

(vi)  If shareholder action was required to revoke the dissolution, the
information required by W.S. 17‑16‑1403(a)(iii).

(d)  Revocation of dissolution is effective upon the effective date of
the articles of revocation of dissolution.

(e)  When the revocation of dissolution is effective, it relates back to
and takes effect as if the effective date of the dissolution and the
corporation resumes carrying on its business as if dissolution had never
occurred, except the corporation may be required to adopt some other
name by amending its articles of incorporation in the manner provided by
this act so its name satisfies the requirements of W.S. 17‑16‑401.

17‑16‑1405.  Effect of dissolution.

(a)  A dissolved corporation continues its corporate existence but may
not carry on any business except that appropriate to wind up and
liquidate its business and affairs, including:

(i)  Collecting its assets;

(ii)  Disposing of its properties that will not be distributed in kind
to its shareholders;

(iii)  Discharging or making provision for discharging its liabilities;

(iv)  Distributing its remaining property among its shareholders
according to their interests; and

(v)  Doing every other act necessary to wind up and liquidate its
business and affairs.

(b)  Dissolution of a corporation does not:

(i)  Transfer title to the corporation's property;

(ii)  Prevent transfer of its shares or securities, although the
authorization to dissolve may provide for closing the corporation's
share transfer records;

(iii)  Subject its directors or officers to standards of conduct
different from those prescribed in article 8;

(iv)  Change quorum or voting requirements for its board of directors or
shareholders; change provisions for selection, resignation, or removal
of its directors or officers or both; or change provisions for amending
its bylaws;

(v)  Prevent commencement of a proceeding by or against the corporation
in its corporate name;

(vi)  Abate or suspend a proceeding pending by or against the
corporation on the effective date of dissolution; or

(vii)  Terminate the authority of the registered agent of the
corporation.

17‑16‑1406.  Known claims against dissolved corporation.

(a)  A dissolved corporation may dispose of the known claims against it
by notifying its known claimants in writing of the dissolution at any
time after its effective date.

(b)  The written notice shall:

(i)  Describe information that shall be included in a claim;

(ii)  Provide a mailing address where a claim may be sent;

(iii)  State the deadline, which may not be fewer than one hundred
twenty (120) days from the effective date of the written notice, by
which the dissolved corporation shall receive the claim; and

(iv)  State that the claim will be barred if not received by the
deadline.

(c)  A claim against the dissolved corporation is barred:

(i)  If a claimant who was given written notice under subsection (b) of
this section does not deliver the claim to the dissolved corporation by
the deadline; or

(ii)  If a claimant whose claim was rejected by the dissolved
corporation does not commence a proceeding to enforce the claim within
ninety (90) days from the effective date of the rejection notice.

(d)  For purposes of this section, "claim" does not include a contingent
liability or a claim based on an event occurring after the effective
date of dissolution.

(e)  A claim that is not barred by this section may be enforced in
accordance with W.S. 17‑16‑1407(d).

17‑16‑1407.  Other claims against dissolved corporation.

(a)  A dissolved corporation may also publish notice of its dissolution
and request that persons with claims against the corporation present
them in accordance with the notice.

(b)  The notice shall:

(i)  Be published one (1) time in a newspaper of general circulation in
the county where the dissolved corporation's principal office, or, if
none in this state, its registered office, is or was last located;

(ii)  Describe the information that shall be included in a claim and
provide a mailing address where the claim may be sent; and

(iii)  State that a claim against the corporation will be barred unless
a proceeding to enforce the claim is commenced within three (3) years or
the applicable statute of limitations, whichever is less, after the
publication of the notice.

(c)  If the dissolved corporation publishes a newspaper notice in
accordance with subsection (b) of this section, the claim of each of the
following claimants is barred unless the claimant commences a proceeding
to enforce the claim against the dissolved corporation within three (3)
years after the publication date of the newspaper notice:

(i)  A claimant who did not receive written notice under W.S.
17‑16‑1406;

(ii)  A claimant whose claim was timely sent to the dissolved
corporation but not acted on; or

(iii)  A claimant whose claim is contingent or based on an event
occurring after the effective date of dissolution.

(d)  A claim that is not barred by W.S. 17‑16‑1406(c) or subsection (c)
of this section may be enforced:

(i)  Against the dissolved corporation, to the extent of its
undistributed assets; or

(ii)  Except as provided in W.S. 17‑16‑1408(d), if the assets have been
distributed in liquidation, against a shareholder of the dissolved
corporation to the extent of his pro rata share of the claim or the
corporate assets distributed to him in liquidation, whichever is less,
but a shareholder's total liability for all claims under this section
may not exceed the total amount of assets distributed to the
shareholder.

17‑16‑1408.  Court proceedings.

(a)  A dissolved corporation that has published a notice under W.S.
17‑16‑1407 may file an application with the district court of the county
where the dissolved corporation's principal office, or, if none in this
state, its registered office is located for a determination of the
amount and form of security to be provided for payment of claims that
are contingent or have not been made known to the dissolved corporation
or that are based on an event occurring after the effective date of
dissolution but that, based on the facts known to the dissolved
corporation, are reasonably estimated to arise after the effective date
of dissolution. Provision need not be made for any claim that is or is
reasonably anticipated to be barred under W.S. 17‑16‑1407(c).

(b)  Within ten (10) days after the filing of the application, notice of
the proceeding shall be given by the dissolved corporation to each
claimant holding a contingent claim whose contingent claim is shown on
the records of the dissolved corporation.

(c)  The court may appoint a guardian ad litem to represent all
claimants whose identities are unknown in any proceeding brought under
this section. The reasonable fees and expenses of the guardian,
including all reasonable expert witness fees, shall be paid by the
dissolved corporation.

(d)  Provision by the dissolved corporation for security in the amount
and the form ordered by the court under subsection (a) of this section
shall satisfy the dissolved corporation's obligations with respect to
claims that are contingent, have not been made known to the dissolved
corporation or are based on an event occurring after the effective date
of dissolution, and such claims may not be enforced against a
shareholder who received assets in liquidation.

17‑16‑1409.  Directors' duties.

(a)  Directors shall cause the dissolved corporation to discharge or
make reasonable provision for the payment of claims and make
distributions of assets to shareholders after payment or provision for
claims.

(b)  Directors of a dissolved corporation which has disposed of claims
under W.S. 17‑16‑1406, 17‑16‑1407 or 17‑16‑1408 shall not be liable for
breach of this section with respect to claims against the dissolved
corporation.

17‑16‑1420.  Grounds for administrative dissolution.

(a)  The secretary of state may commence a proceeding under W.S.
17‑16‑1421 to administratively dissolve a corporation if any of the
following has occurred:

(i)  The corporation does not deliver its annual reports or pay the
annual license taxes to the secretary of state when due pursuant to W.S.
17‑16‑1630;

(ii)  Reserved;

(iii)  The corporation is without a registered agent or registered
office in this state;

(iv)  The corporation does not notify the secretary of state within
thirty (30) days that its registered agent or registered office has been
changed, that its registered agent has resigned, or that its registered
office has been discontinued;

(v)  The corporation's period of duration stated in its articles of
incorporation expires;

(vi)  It is in the public interest and the corporation:

(A)  Failed to provide records to the registered agent as required in
W.S. 17‑28‑107;

(B)  Has provided fraudulent information or has failed to correct false
information upon request of the secretary of state on any filing under
this act with the secretary of state; or

(C)  Cannot be served by either the secretary of state or the registered
agent at its address provided pursuant to W.S. 17‑28‑107.

(vii)  An incorporator, director, officer or agent of the corporation
signed a document he knew was false in any material respect with intent
that the document be delivered to the secretary of state for filing;

(viii)  The corporation has failed to respond to a valid and enforceable
subpoena;

(ix)  The corporation is in violation of W.S. 17‑16‑401(d)(v) or
17‑16‑1506(d)(v);

(x)  The corporation has failed to pay any penalties imposed under W.S.
17‑28‑109.

(b)  Prior to commencing a proceeding under W.S. 17‑16‑1421 the
secretary of state may classify a corporation as delinquent awaiting
administrative dissolution if the corporation meets any of the criteria
in subsection (a) of this section.

17‑16‑1421.  Procedure for and effect of administrative dissolution.

(a)  If the secretary of state determines that one (1) or more grounds
exist under W.S. 17‑16‑1420 for dissolving a corporation, he shall serve
the corporation with written notice of his determination under W.S.
17‑28‑104, except for W.S. 17‑16‑1420(a)(v) in which case dissolution is
by choice and therefore automatic.

(b)  If the corporation does not correct each ground for dissolution or
demonstrate to the reasonable satisfaction of the secretary of state
that each ground determined by the secretary of state does not exist
within sixty (60) days after service of the notice is perfected under
W.S. 17‑28‑104, the secretary of state shall administratively dissolve
the corporation by signing, either manually or in facsimile, a
certificate of dissolution that recites the ground or grounds for
dissolution and its effective date. The secretary of state shall file
the original of the certificate and serve a copy on the corporation
under W.S. 17‑28‑104.

(c)  A corporation administratively dissolved under W.S. 17‑16‑1420
continues its corporate existence but may not carry on any business
except that necessary to wind up and liquidate its business and affairs
under W.S. 17‑16‑1405 and notify claimants under W.S. 17‑16‑1406 and
17‑16‑1407.

(d)  The administrative dissolution of a corporation does not terminate
the authority of its registered agent.

17‑16‑1422.  Reinstatement following administrative dissolution.

(a)  An officer or other person with proper authority at the time a
corporation was administratively dissolved under W.S. 17‑16‑1421 may
apply to the secretary of state for reinstatement within two (2) years
after the effective date of dissolution. Reinstatement may be denied by
the secretary of state if the corporation has been the subject of
secretary of state and law enforcement investigation pertaining to fraud
or any other violation of state or federal law, or if there is other
reason to believe the corporation was engaged in illegal operations. The
application shall:

(i)  Recite the name of the corporation and the effective date of its
administrative dissolution;

(ii)  State that the ground or grounds for dissolution either did not
exist or have been eliminated;

(iii)  Reserved;

(iv)  If the corporation was administratively dissolved for failing to
deliver its annual report or pay the annual license taxes to the
secretary of state when due pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑1630, include payment
of fees and taxes then delinquent and a reinstatement certificate fee
prescribed pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑122; and

(v)  If the corporation was administratively dissolved for failure to
maintain a registered agent, include payment of a two hundred fifty
dollar (\$250.00) reinstatement fee and payment of any fees and taxes
then delinquent.

(b)  If the secretary of state determines that the application contains
the information required by subsection (a) of this section and that the
information is correct, he shall cancel the certificate of dissolution
and prepare a certificate of reinstatement that recites his
determination and the effective date of reinstatement, file the original
of the certificate, and serve a copy on the corporation under W.S.
17‑28‑104.

(c)  When the reinstatement is effective, it relates back to and takes
effect as of the effective date of the administrative dissolution and
the corporation resumes carrying on its business as if the
administrative dissolution had never occurred.

(d)  The corporation shall retain its registered corporate name during
the two (2) year reinstatement period.

(e)  A person who files any document under this section without proper
corporate authority to do so is in violation of W.S. 6‑5‑308.

17‑16‑1423.  Appeal from denial of reinstatement.

(a)  If the secretary of state denies a corporation's application for
reinstatement following administrative dissolution, he shall serve the
corporation under W.S. 17‑28‑104 with a written notice that explains the
reason or reasons for denial.

(b)  The corporation may appeal the denial of reinstatement to the
district court within thirty (30) days after service of the notice of
denial is perfected. The corporation appeals by petitioning the court to
set aside the dissolution and attaching to the petition copies of the
secretary of state's certificate of dissolution, the corporation's
application for reinstatement, and the secretary of state's notice of
denial.

(c)  The court may summarily order the secretary of state to reinstate
the dissolved corporation or may take other action the court considers
appropriate.

(d)  The court's final decision may be appealed as in other civil
proceedings.

17‑16‑1430.  Grounds for judicial dissolution.

(a)  The district court may dissolve a corporation:

(i)  In a proceeding by the attorney general if it is established that:

(A)  The corporation obtained its articles of incorporation through
fraud; or

(B)  The corporation has continued to exceed or abuse the authority
conferred upon it by law.

(ii)  In a proceeding by a shareholder if it is established that:

(A)  The directors are deadlocked in the management of the corporate
affairs, the shareholders are unable to break the deadlock, and
irreparable injury to the corporation is threatened or being suffered,
or the business and affairs of the corporation can no longer be
conducted to the advantage of the shareholders generally, because of the
deadlock;

(B)  The directors or those in control of the corporation have acted,
are acting, or will act in a manner that is illegal, oppressive or
fraudulent;

(C)  The shareholders are deadlocked in voting power and have failed,
for a period that includes at least two (2) consecutive annual meeting
dates, to elect successors to directors whose terms have expired; or

(D)  The corporate assets are being misapplied or wasted.

(iii)  In a proceeding by a creditor if it is established that:

(A)  The creditor's claim has been reduced to judgment, the execution on
the judgment returned unsatisfied, and the corporation is insolvent; or

(B)  The corporation has admitted in writing that the creditor's claim
is due and owing and the corporation is insolvent.

(iv)  In a proceeding by the corporation to have its voluntary
dissolution continued under court supervision;

(v)  In a proceeding by a shareholder, if the corporation has abandoned
its business and has failed within a reasonable time to liquidate and
distribute its assets and dissolve.

(b)  Reserved.

(c)  Reserved.

17‑16‑1431.  Procedure for judicial dissolution.

(a)  Venue for a proceeding by the attorney general to dissolve a
corporation lies in Laramie county district court. Venue for a
proceeding brought by any other party named in W.S. 17‑16‑1430 lies in
the county where a corporation's principal office, or, if none in this
state, its registered office, is or was last located.

(b)  It is not necessary to make shareholders parties to a proceeding to
dissolve a corporation unless relief is sought against them
individually.

(c)  A court in a proceeding brought to dissolve a corporation may issue
injunctions, appoint a receiver or custodian pendente lite with all
powers and duties the court directs, take other action required to
preserve the corporate assets wherever located, and carry on the
business of the corporation until a full hearing can be held.

(d)  Within ten (10) days of the commencement of a proceeding under W.S.
17‑16‑1430(a)(ii) to dissolve a corporation that has no shares listed on
a national securities exchange or regularly traded in a market
maintained by one (1) or more members of a national or affiliated
securities association, the corporation must send to all shareholders,
other than the petitioner, a notice stating that the shareholders are
entitled to avoid the dissolution of the corporation by electing to
purchase the petitioner's shares under W.S. 17‑16‑1434 and accompanied
by a copy of W.S. 17‑16‑1434.

17‑16‑1432.  Receivership or custodianship.

(a)  A court in a judicial proceeding brought to dissolve a corporation
may appoint one (1) or more receivers to wind up and liquidate, or one
(1) or more custodians to manage, the business and affairs of the
corporation. The court shall hold a hearing, after notifying all parties
to the proceeding and any interested persons designated by the court,
before appointing a receiver or custodian. The court appointing a
receiver or custodian has exclusive jurisdiction over the corporation
and all of its property wherever located.

(b)  The court may appoint an individual or a domestic or foreign
corporation authorized to transact business in this state as a receiver
or custodian. The court may require the receiver or custodian to post
bond, with or without sureties, in an amount the court directs.

(c)  The court shall describe the powers and duties of the receiver or
custodian in its appointing order, which may be amended from time to
time. Among other powers:

(i)  The receiver may:

(A)  Dispose of all or any part of the assets of the corporation
wherever located, at a public or private sale, if authorized by the
court; and

(B)  Sue and defend in his own name as receiver of the corporation in
all Wyoming courts.

(ii)  The custodian may exercise all of the powers of the corporation,
through or in place of its board of directors or officers, to the extent
necessary to manage the affairs of the corporation in the best interests
of its shareholders and creditors.

(d)  The court during a receivership may redesignate the receiver a
custodian, and during a custodianship may redesignate the custodian a
receiver, if doing so is in the best interests of the corporation, its
shareholders and creditors.

(e)  The court from time to time during the receivership or
custodianship may order compensation paid and expense disbursements or
reimbursements made to the receiver or custodian and his counsel from
the assets of the corporation or proceeds from the sale of the assets.

17‑16‑1433.  Decree of dissolution.

(a)  If after a hearing the court determines that one (1) or more
grounds for judicial dissolution described in W.S. 17‑16‑1430 exist, it
may enter a decree dissolving the corporation and specifying the
effective date of the dissolution, and the clerk of the court shall
deliver a certified copy of the decree to the secretary of state, who
shall file it.

(b)  After entering the decree of dissolution, the court shall direct
the winding up and liquidation of the corporation's business and affairs
in accordance with W.S. 17‑16‑1405 and the notification of claimants in
accordance with W.S. 17‑16‑1406 and 17‑16‑1407.

17‑16‑1434.  Election to purchase in lieu of dissolution.

(a)  In a proceeding under W.S. 17‑16‑1430(a)(ii) to dissolve a
corporation that has no shares listed on a national securities exchange
or regularly traded in a market maintained by one (1) or more members of
a national or affiliated securities association, the corporation may
elect or, if it fails to elect, one (1) or more shareholders may elect
to purchase all shares owned by the petitioning shareholder at the fair
value of the shares. An election pursuant to this section shall be
irrevocable unless the court determines that it is equitable to set
aside or modify the election.

(b)  An election to purchase pursuant to this section may be filed with
the court at any time within ninety (90) days after the filing of the
petition under W.S. 17‑16‑1430(a)(ii) or at such later time as the court
in its discretion may allow. If the election to purchase is filed by one
(1) or more shareholders, the corporation shall, within ten (10) days
thereafter, give written notice to all shareholders, other than the
petitioner. The notice must state the name and number of shares owned by
the petitioner and the name and number of shares owned by each electing
shareholder and must advise the recipients of their right to join in the
election to purchase shares in accordance with this section.
Shareholders who wish to participate must file notice of their intention
to join in the purchase no later than thirty (30) days after the
effective date of the notice to them. All shareholders who have filed an
election or notice of their intention to participate in the election to
purchase thereby become parties to the proceeding and shall purchase in
proportion to their ownership of shares as of the date the first
election was filed, unless they otherwise agree or the court otherwise
directs. After an election has been filed by the corporation or one (1)
or more shareholders, the proceeding under W.S. 17‑16‑1430(a)(ii) may
not be discontinued or settled, nor may the petitioning shareholder sell
or otherwise dispose of his shares, unless the court determines that it
would be equitable to the corporation and the shareholders, other than
the petitioner, to permit such discontinuance, settlement, sale or other
disposition.

(c)  If, within sixty (60) days of the filing of the first election, the
parties reach agreement as to the fair value in terms of purchase of the
petitioner's shares, the court shall enter an order directing the
purchase of petitioner's shares upon the terms and conditions agreed to
by the parties.

(d)  If the parties are unable to reach an agreement as provided for in
subsection (c) of this section, the court, upon application of any
party, shall stay the W.S. 17‑16‑1430(a)(ii) proceedings and determine
the fair value of the petitioner's shares as of the day before the date
on which the petition under W.S. 17‑16‑1430(a)(ii) was filed or as of
such other date as the court deems appropriate under the circumstances.

(e)  Upon determining the fair value of the shares, the court shall
enter an order directing the purchase upon such terms and conditions as
the court deems appropriate, which may include payment of the purchase
price in installments, where necessary in the interest of equity,
provision for security to assure payment of the purchase price and any
additional costs, fees and expenses as may have been awarded, and, if
the shares are to be purchased by the shareholders, the allocation of
shares among them. In allocating petitioner's shares among holders of
different classes of shares, the court should attempt to preserve the
existing distribution of voting rights among holders of different
classes insofar as practicable and may direct that the holders of a
specific class or classes shall not participate in the purchase.
Interest may be allowed at the rate and from the date determined by the
court to be equitable, but if the court finds that the refusal of the
petitioning shareholder to accept an offer of payment was arbitrary or
otherwise not in good faith, no interest shall be allowed. If the court
finds that the petitioning shareholder had probable grounds for relief
under W.S. 17‑16‑1430(a)(ii)(B) or (D), it may award to the petitioning
shareholder reasonable fees and expenses of counsel and of any experts
employed by him.

(f)  Upon entry of an order under subsection (c) or (e) of this section,
the court shall dismiss the petition to dissolve the corporation under
W.S. 17‑16‑1430, and the petitioning shareholder shall no longer have
any rights or status as a shareholder of the corporation, except the
right to receive the amounts awarded to him by the order of the court
which shall be enforceable in the same manner as any other judgment.

(g)  The purchase order pursuant to subsection (e) of this section shall
be made within ten (10) days after the date the order becomes final
unless before that time the corporation files with the court a notice of
its intention to adopt articles of dissolution pursuant to W.S.
17‑16‑1402 and 17‑16‑1403, which articles must then be adopted and filed
within fifty (50) days thereafter. Upon filing of such articles of
dissolution, the corporation shall be dissolved in accordance with
provisions of W.S. 17‑16‑1405 through 17‑16‑1407, and the order entered
pursuant to subsection (e) of this section shall no longer be of any
force or effect, except that the court may award the petitioning
shareholder reasonable fees and expenses in accordance with the
provisions of the last sentence of subsection (e) of this section and
the petitioner may continue to pursue any claims previously asserted on
behalf of the corporation.

(h)  Any payment by the corporation pursuant to an order under
subsection (c) or (e) of this section, other than an award of fees and
expenses pursuant to subsection (e) of this section, is subject to the
provisions of W.S. 17‑16‑640.

17‑16‑1440.  Deposit with state treasurer.

Assets of a dissolved corporation that should be transferred to a
creditor, claimant or shareholder of the corporation who cannot be found
or who is not competent to receive them shall be reduced to cash and
deposited with the state treasurer for safekeeping. When the creditor,
claimant or shareholder furnishes satisfactory proof of entitlement to
the amount deposited, the state treasurer shall pay him or his
representative that amount.

ARTICLE 15

FOREIGN CORPORATIONS

17‑16‑1501.  Authority to transact business required.

(a)  A foreign corporation may not transact business in this state until
it obtains a certificate of authority from the secretary of state.

(b)  The following activities, among others, do not constitute
transacting business within the meaning of subsection (a) of this
section:

(i)  Maintaining, defending or settling any proceeding;

(ii)  Holding meetings of the board of directors or shareholders or
carrying on other activities concerning internal corporate affairs;

(iii)  Maintaining bank accounts;

(iv)  Maintaining offices or agencies for the transfer, exchange and
registration of the corporation's own securities or maintaining trustees
or depositaries with respect to those securities;

(v)  Selling through independent contractors;

(vi)  Soliciting or obtaining orders, whether by mail or through
employees or agents or otherwise, if the orders require acceptance
outside this state before they become contracts;

(vii)  Creating or acquiring indebtedness, mortgages and security
interests in real or personal property;

(viii)  Securing or collecting debts or enforcing mortgages and security
interests in property securing the debts;

(ix)  Owning, without more, real or personal property;

(x)  Conducting an isolated transaction that is completed within thirty
(30) days and that is not one in the course of repeated transactions of
a like nature; or

(xi)  Transacting business in interstate commerce.

(c)  The list of activities in subsection (b) of this section is not
exhaustive.

(d)  A foreign corporation, foreign limited partnership or foreign
limited liability company which is either an organizer, a manager or
member of a company is not required to obtain a certificate of authority
to undertake its duties in these capacities.

17‑16‑1502.  Consequences of transacting business without authority.

(a)  A foreign corporation transacting business in this state without a
certificate of authority may not maintain a proceeding in any court in
this state until it obtains a certificate of authority.

(b)  The successor to a foreign corporation that transacted business in
this state without a certificate of authority and the assignee of a
cause of action arising out of that business may not maintain a
proceeding based on that cause of action in any court in this state
until the foreign corporation or its successor obtains a certificate of
authority.

(c)  A court may stay a proceeding commenced by a foreign corporation,
its successor or assignee until it determines whether the foreign
corporation or its successor requires a certificate of authority. If it
so determines, the court may further stay the proceeding until the
foreign corporation or its successor obtains the certificate.

(d)  A foreign corporation which transacts business in this state
without a certificate of authority shall be liable to this state, for
the years or parts thereof during which it transacted business in this
state without a certificate of authority, in an amount equal to all fees
and license taxes, plus interest of eighteen percent (18%), which would
have been imposed by law upon such corporation had it duly applied for
and received a certificate of authority to transact business in this
state as required by this act and thereafter filed all reports required
by law, and in addition shall be liable for a penalty in the amount of
five thousand dollars (\$5,000.00), reasonable audit expenses and
reasonable attorney fees. The secretary of state may refuse to issue a
certificate of authority until all taxes, fees, interest, expenses and
penalties due under this section have been paid to him. The attorney
general may collect all penalties and other sums due under this
subsection.

(e)  Notwithstanding subsections (a) and (b) of this section, the
failure of a foreign corporation to obtain a certificate of authority
does not impair the validity of its corporate acts or prevent it from
defending any proceeding in this state.

17‑16‑1503.  Application for certificate of authority.

(a)  A foreign corporation may apply for a certificate of authority to
transact business in this state by delivering an application to the
secretary of state for filing. The application shall set forth:

(i)  The name of the foreign corporation or, if its name is unavailable
for use in this state, a corporate name that satisfies the requirements
of W.S. 17‑16‑1506;

(ii)  The name of the state or country under whose law it is
incorporated;

(iii)  Its date of incorporation and period of duration;

(iv)  The street address of its principal office;

(v)  The address of its registered office in this state and the name of
its registered agent at that office;

(vi)  The names and usual business addresses of its current directors
and officers; and

(vii)  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 115, § 3.

(viii)  A statement that the corporation accepts the constitution of the
state of Wyoming in compliance with the requirement of article 10,
section 5 of the Wyoming constitution.

(ix)  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 115, § 3.

(b)  The foreign corporation shall deliver with the completed
application a certificate of existence, or a document of similar import,
dated not more than sixty (60) days prior to filing in Wyoming, duly
authenticated by the secretary of state or other official having custody
of corporate records in the state or country under whose law it is
incorporated.

(c)  The application for certificate of authority shall be accompanied
by a written consent to appointment executed by the registered agent.

17‑16‑1504.  Amended certificate of authority.

(a)  A foreign corporation authorized to transact business in this state
shall obtain an amended certificate of authority from the secretary of
state if it changes:

(i)  Its corporate name;

(ii)  The period of its duration; or

(iii)  The state or country of its incorporation.

(b)  The requirements of W.S. 17‑16‑1503 for obtaining an original
certificate of authority apply to obtaining an amended certificate under
this section.

17‑16‑1505.  Effect on certificate of authority.

(a)  A certificate of authority authorizes the foreign corporation to
which it is issued to transact business in this state subject, however,
to the right of the state to revoke the certificate as provided in this
act.

(b)  A foreign corporation with a valid certificate of authority has the
same but no greater rights and has the same but no greater privileges
as, and except as otherwise provided by this act is subject to the same
duties, restrictions, penalties and liabilities now or later imposed on,
a domestic corporation of like character.

(c)  This act does not authorize this state to regulate the organization
or internal affairs of a foreign corporation authorized to transact
business in this state.

17‑16‑1506.  Corporate name of foreign corporation.

(a)  If the corporate name of a foreign corporation does not satisfy the
requirements of W.S. 17‑16‑401, the foreign corporation to obtain or
maintain a certificate of authority to transact business in this state
may use a fictitious name to transact business in this state if its real
name is unavailable and it delivers to the secretary of state for filing
a copy of the resolution of its board of directors, certified by its
secretary, adopting the fictitious name.

(b)  Except as authorized by subsections (c) and (d) of this section,
the corporate name, including a fictitious name, of a foreign
corporation shall not be the same as, or deceptively similar to the name
of any trademark or service mark registered in this state and shall be
distinguishable upon the records of the secretary of state from other
business names as required by W.S. 17‑16‑401.

(c)  A foreign corporation may apply to the secretary of state for
authorization to use in this state the name of another corporation,
incorporated or authorized to do business in this state, that is not
distinguishable in accordance with the provisions of W.S. 17‑16‑401(c).

(i)  Reserved;

(ii)  Reserved.

(d)  A foreign corporation may use in this state the name, including the
fictitious name, of another domestic or foreign corporation that is used
in this state if the other corporation is incorporated or authorized to
transact business in this state and the foreign corporation has:

(i)  Merged with the other corporation; or

(ii)  Been formed by reorganization of the other corporation; or

(iii)  Acquired all or substantially all of the assets, including the
corporate name, of the other corporation; or

(iv)  Repealed By Laws 1996, ch. 80, § 3.

(v)  Has received the written consent of the other corporation, which
written consent also sets forth a description of a proposed merger,
consolidation, dissolution, amendment to articles of incorporation or
other intended corporate action which establishes to the reasonable
satisfaction of the secretary of state that the coexistence of two (2)
corporations using the same name will not continue for more than one
hundred twenty (120) days.

(e)  If a foreign corporation authorized to transact business in this
state changes its corporate name to one that does not satisfy the
requirements of W.S. 17‑16‑401, it may not transact business in this
state under the changed name until it adopts a name satisfying the
requirements of W.S. 17‑16‑401 and obtains an amended certificate of
authority under W.S. 17‑16‑1504.

17‑16‑1507.  Registered office and registered agent of foreign
corporation.

(a)  Each foreign corporation authorized to transact business in this
state shall continuously maintain in this state:

(i)  A registered office as provided in W.S. 17‑28‑101 through
17‑28‑111; and

(ii)  A registered agent as provided in W.S. 17‑28‑101 through
17‑28‑111.

(A)  Reserved;

(B)  Reserved;

(C)  Reserved.

(b)  The provisions of W.S. 17‑28‑101 through 17‑28‑111 shall apply to
all foreign corporations.

17‑16‑1508.  Reserved.

17‑16‑1509.  Reserved.

17‑16‑1510.  Reserved.

17‑16‑1511.  Merger of foreign corporation authorized to transact
business in this state.

(a)  Whenever a foreign corporation authorized to transact business in
this state shall be a party to a statutory merger permitted by the laws
of the state or country of incorporation, it shall, within thirty (30)
days after a merger becomes effective, file with the secretary of state
a current certificate of evidence issued by the proper officer of the
state or country of incorporation which sets forth:

(i)  The date of filing;

(ii)  The names of each corporation involved and the states of
incorporation; and

(iii)  The name of the surviving corporation.

(b)  It shall not be necessary for the corporation to procure either a
new or amended certificate of authority to transact business in this
state unless the name of the corporation is changed by merger or unless
the corporation desires to pursue in this state other or additional
purposes than those which it is then authorized to transact in this
state.

17‑16‑1520.  Withdrawal of foreign corporation.

(a)  A foreign corporation authorized to transact business in this state
may not withdraw from this state until it obtains a certificate of
withdrawal from the secretary of state.

(b)  A foreign corporation authorized to transact business in this state
may apply for a certificate of withdrawal by delivering an application
to the secretary of state for filing. The application shall set forth:

(i)  The name of the foreign corporation and the name of the state or
country under whose law it is incorporated;

(ii)  That it is not transacting business in this state and that it
surrenders its authority to transact business in this state;

(iii)  That it revokes the authority of its registered agent to accept
service on its behalf and appoints the secretary of state as its agent
for service of process in any proceeding based on a cause of action
arising during the time it was authorized to transact business in this
state;

(iv)  A mailing address to which the secretary of state may mail a copy
of any process served on him under paragraph (iii) of this subsection;
and

(v)  A commitment to notify the secretary of state in the future of any
change in its mailing address.

(c)  After the withdrawal of the corporation is effective, service of
process on the secretary of state under this section is service on the
foreign corporation. Upon receipt of process, the secretary of state
shall mail a copy of the process to the foreign corporation at the
mailing address set forth under subsection (b) of this section.

17‑16‑1521.  Reserved.

17‑16‑1522.  Reserved.

17‑16‑1523.  Reserved.

17‑16‑1530.  Grounds for revocation.

(a)  The secretary of state may commence a proceeding under W.S.
17‑16‑1531 to revoke the certificate of authority of a foreign
corporation authorized to transact business in this state if:

(i)  The corporation does not deliver its annual reports or pay the
annual license taxes to the secretary of state when due pursuant to W.S.
17‑16‑1630;

(ii)  Reserved;

(iii)  The foreign corporation is without a registered agent or
registered office in this state;

(iv)  The foreign corporation does not inform the secretary of state
under W.S. 17‑28‑102 or 17‑28‑103 that its registered agent or
registered office has changed, that its registered agent has resigned,
or that its registered office has been discontinued within thirty (30)
days of the change, resignation or discontinuance;

(v)  An incorporator, director, officer or agent of the foreign
corporation signed a document he knew was false in any material respect
with intent that the document be delivered to the secretary of state for
filing;

(vi)  Reserved;

(vii)  The corporation has failed to respond to a valid and enforceable
subpoena; or

(A)  Has provided fraudulent information or has failed to correct false
information upon request of the secretary of state on any filing under
this act with the secretary of state; or

(B)  Cannot be served by either the registered agent or by mail by the
secretary of state acting as the agent for process.

(viii)  It is in the public interest and the corporation:

(A)  Has provided fraudulent information or has failed to correct false
information upon request of the secretary of state on any filing under
this act with the secretary of state; or

(B)  Cannot be served by either the registered agent or by mail by the
secretary of state acting as the agent for process.

(ix)  The foreign corporation has failed to pay any penalties imposed
under W.S. 17‑28‑109.

(b)  Prior to commencing a proceeding under W.S. 17‑16‑1531 the
secretary of state may classify a foreign corporation as delinquent
awaiting administrative revocation if the foreign corporation meets any
of the criteria in subsection (a) of this section.

17‑16‑1531.  Procedure for and effect of revocation.

(a)  If the secretary of state determines that one (1) or more grounds
exist under W.S. 17‑16‑1530 for revocation of a certificate of
authority, he shall serve the foreign corporation with written notice of
his determination under W.S. 17‑28‑104.

(b)  If the foreign corporation does not correct each ground for
revocation or demonstrate to the reasonable satisfaction of the
secretary of state that each ground determined by the secretary of state
does not exist within sixty (60) days after service of the notice is
perfected under W.S. 17‑28‑104, the secretary of state may revoke the
foreign corporation's certificate of authority by signing, either
manually or in facsimile, a certificate of revocation that recites the
ground or grounds for revocation and its effective date. The secretary
of state shall file the original of the certificate and serve a copy on
the foreign corporation under W.S. 17‑28‑104.

(c)  The authority of a foreign corporation to transact business in this
state ceases on the date shown on the certificate revoking its
certificate of authority.

(d)  The secretary of state's revocation of a foreign corporation's
certificate of authority appoints the secretary of state the foreign
corporation's agent for service of process in any proceeding based on a
cause of action which arose during the time the foreign corporation was
authorized to transact business in this state. Service of process on the
secretary of state under this subsection is service on the foreign
corporation. Upon receipt of process, the secretary of state shall mail
a copy of the process to the secretary of the foreign corporation at its
principal office shown in its most recent annual report or in any
subsequent communication received from the corporation stating the
current mailing address of its principal office, or, if none are on
file, in its application for a certificate of authority.

(e)  Revocation of a foreign corporation's certificate of authority does
not terminate the authority of the registered agent of the corporation.

17‑16‑1532.  Appeal from revocation.

(a)  A foreign corporation may appeal the secretary of state's
revocation of its certificate of authority pursuant to W.S. 16‑3‑114,
within thirty (30) days after service of the certificate of revocation
is perfected under W.S. 17‑28‑104. The foreign corporation appeals by
petitioning the court to set aside the revocation and attaching to the
petition copies of its certificate of authority and the secretary of
state's certificate of revocation.

(b)  The court may summarily order the secretary of state to reinstate
the certificate of authority or may take any other action the court
considers appropriate.

(c)  The court's final decision may be appealed as in other civil
proceedings.

17‑16‑1533.  Applicability of chapter to foreign limited liability
companies.

To the extent not inconsistent with the Wyoming Limited Liability
Company Act, W.S. 17‑29‑101 through 17‑29‑1105 and the provisions of
this chapter, a limited liability company organized in another
jurisdiction shall do business in Wyoming by complying with the
applicable provisions of this article. The certificate of authority of a
limited liability company organized in another jurisdiction shall be
revoked and reinstated as provided in this act.

17‑16‑1534.  Applicability of chapter 23 to foreign statutory trust
companies.

To the extent not inconsistent with the Wyoming Statutory Trust Act,
W.S. 17‑23‑101 through 17‑23‑302, a statutory trust as defined in W.S.
17‑23‑102(a)(v), which is organized in another jurisdiction may do
business in Wyoming by complying with W.S. 17‑16‑1501 through
17‑16‑1507, 17‑16‑1520 and 17‑16‑1530 through 17‑16‑1532.

17‑16‑1535.  Reinstatement following revocation of certificate of
authority.

(a)  An officer or other person with proper authority at the time a
foreign corporation had its certificate of authority revoked under W.S.
17‑16‑1531 may apply to the secretary of state for reinstatement of its
certificate of authority within two (2) years after the effective date
of revocation. Reinstatement may be denied by the secretary of state if
the corporation has been the subject of a secretary of state and law
enforcement investigation pertaining to fraud or any other violation of
state or federal law, or if there is other reason to believe the
corporation was engaged in illegal operations. The application shall:

(i)  Recite the name of the corporation and the effective date of the
revocation of its certificate of authority;

(ii)  State that the ground or grounds for revocation either did not
exist or have been eliminated;

(iii)  Reserved;

(iv)  If the foreign corporation's certificate of authority was revoked
for failing to deliver its annual report or pay the annual license taxes
to the secretary of state when due pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑1630, include
payment of fees and taxes then delinquent and a reinstatement
certificate fee prescribed pursuant to W.S. 17‑16‑122;

(v)  If the foreign corporation's certificate of authority was revoked
for failure to maintain a registered agent, include payment of a two
hundred fifty dollar (\$250.00) reinstatement fee and payment of any
fees and taxes then delinquent; and

(vi)  Include proof that the foreign corporation is currently in good
standing in the state of formation.

(b)  If the secretary of state determines that the application contains
the information required by subsection (a) of this section and that the
information is correct, he shall cancel the certificate of revocation
and prepare a certificate of reinstatement that recites his
determination and the effective date of reinstatement, file the original
of the certificate, and serve a copy on the corporation under W.S.
17‑28‑104.

(c)  When the reinstatement is effective, it relates back to and takes
effect as of the effective date of the revocation of the certificate of
authority and the foreign corporation resumes carrying on its business
as if the revocation had never occurred.

(d)  The foreign corporation shall retain its registered corporate name
during the two (2) year reinstatement period.

(e)  If more than two (2) years has elapsed since the revocation of a
foreign corporation's certificate of authority, the foreign corporation
may reapply for a certificate of authority to transact business pursuant
to W.S. 17‑16‑1503. If the foreign corporation continues transacting
business in Wyoming after the two (2) year period elapsed, the foreign
corporation shall be subject to the penalty for transacting business
without authority as set forth in W.S. 17‑16‑1502(d).

(f)  A person who files any document under this section without proper
corporate authority to do so is in violation of W.S. 6‑5‑308.

17‑16‑1536.  Appeal from denial of reinstatement.

(a)  If the secretary of state denies a foreign corporation's
application for reinstatement following administrative revocation, he
shall serve the corporation under W.S. 17‑28‑104 with a written notice
that explains the reason or reasons for denial.

(b)  The foreign corporation may appeal the denial of reinstatement to
the district court within thirty (30) days after service of the notice
of denial is perfected. The foreign corporation appeals by petitioning
the court to set aside the revocation and attaching to the petition
copies of the secretary of state's certificate of revocation, the
foreign corporation's application for reinstatement and the secretary of
state's notice of denial.

(c)  The court may summarily order the secretary of state to reinstate
the foreign corporation's certificate of authority or may take other
action the court considers appropriate.

(d)  The court's final decision may be appealed as in other civil
proceedings.

ARTICLE 16

RECORDS AND REPORTS

17‑16‑1601.  Corporate records.

(a)  A corporation shall keep as permanent records minutes of all
meetings of its shareholders and board of directors, a record of all
actions taken by the shareholders or board of directors without a
meeting, and a record of all actions taken by a committee of the board
of directors in place of the board of directors on behalf of the
corporation.

(b)  A corporation shall maintain appropriate accounting records.

(c)  A corporation or its agent shall maintain a record of its
shareholders, in a form that permits preparation of a list of the names
and addresses of all shareholders, in alphabetical order by class of
shares showing the number and class of shares held by each.

(d)  A corporation shall maintain its records in written form or in
another form capable of conversion into written form within a reasonable
time.

(e)  A corporation shall keep a copy of the following records at its
principal office:

(i)  Its articles or restated articles of incorporation and all
amendments to them currently in effect;

(ii)  Its bylaws or restated bylaws and all amendments to them currently
in effect;

(iii)  Resolutions adopted by its board of directors creating one (1) or
more classes or series of shares, and fixing their relative rights,
preferences and limitations, if shares issued pursuant to those
resolutions are outstanding;

(iv)  The minutes of all shareholders' meetings, and records of all
action taken by shareholders without a meeting, for the past three (3)
years;

(v)  All written communications to shareholders generally within the
past three (3) years, including the financial statements furnished for
the past three (3) years under W.S. 17‑16‑1620;

(vi)  A list of the names and business addresses of its current
directors and officers; and

(vii)  Its most recent annual report delivered to the secretary of state
under W.S. 17‑16‑1630.

17‑16‑1602.  Inspection of records by shareholders.

(a)  A shareholder of a corporation is entitled to inspect and copy,
during regular business hours at the corporation's principal office, any
of the records of the corporation described in W.S. 17‑16‑1601(e) if the
shareholder gives the corporation written notice of the shareholder's
demand at least five (5) business days before the date on which the
shareholder wishes to inspect and copy.

(b)  A shareholder who has been of record for at least six (6) months
immediately preceding his demand and who shall be the holder of record
of at least five percent (5%) of all the outstanding shares of a
corporation is entitled to inspect and copy, during regular business
hours at a reasonable location specified by the corporation, any of the
following records of the corporation if the shareholder meets the
requirements of subsection (c) of this section and gives the corporation
written notice of the shareholder's demand at least five (5) business
days before the date on which the shareholder wishes to inspect and
copy:

(i)  Excerpts from minutes of any meeting of the board of directors,
records of any action of a committee of the board of directors while
acting in place of the board of directors on behalf of the corporation,
minutes of any meeting of the shareholders, and records of action taken
by the shareholders or board of directors without a meeting, to the
extent not subject to inspection under W.S. 17‑16‑1602(a);

(ii)  Accounting records of the corporation; and

(iii)  The record of shareholders.

(c)  A shareholder may inspect and copy the records described in
subsection (b) of this section only if:

(i)  The shareholder's demand is made in good faith and for a proper
purpose;

(ii)  The shareholder describes with reasonable particularity his
purpose and the records he desires to inspect; and

(iii)  The records are directly connected with the shareholder's
purpose.

(d)  The right of inspection granted by this section may not be
abolished or limited, but may be expanded, by a corporation's articles
of incorporation or bylaws.

(e)  This section does not affect:

(i)  The right of a shareholder to inspect records under W.S. 17‑16‑720
or, if the shareholder is in litigation with the corporation, to the
same extent as any other litigant; or

(ii)  The power of a court, independently of this act, to compel the
production of corporate records for examination.

(f)  For purposes of this section, "shareholder" includes a beneficial
owner whose shares are held in a voting trust or by a nominee on his
behalf.

17‑16‑1603.  Scope of inspection right.

(a)  A shareholder's agent or attorney has the same inspection and
copying rights as the shareholder he represents.

(b)  The right to copy records under W.S. 17‑16‑1602 includes, if
reasonable, the right to receive copies by xerographic or other means,
including copies through an electronic transmission if available and so
requested by the shareholder.

(c)  The corporation may comply with a shareholder's demand to inspect
the record of shareholders under W.S. 17‑16‑1602(b)(iii) by providing
the shareholder with a list of its shareholders that was compiled no
earlier than the date of the shareholder's demand.

(d)  The corporation may impose a reasonable charge, covering the costs
of labor and material, for copies of any documents provided to the
shareholder. The charge may not exceed the estimated cost of production,
reproduction or transmission of the records.

17‑16‑1604.  Court ordered inspection.

(a)  If a corporation does not allow a shareholder who complies with
W.S. 17‑16‑1602(a) to inspect and copy any records required by that
subsection to be available for inspection, the district court of the
county where the corporation's principal office, or, if none in this
state, its registered office, is located may summarily order inspection
and copying of the records demanded at the corporation's expense upon
application of the shareholder.

(b)  If a corporation does not within a reasonable time allow a
shareholder to inspect and copy any other record, the shareholder who
complies with W.S. 17‑16‑1602(b) and (c) may apply to the district court
in the county where the corporation's principal office, or, if none in
this state, its registered office, is located for an order to permit
inspection and copying of the records demanded. The court shall dispose
of an application under this subsection on an expedited basis.

(c)  If the court orders inspection and copying of the records demanded,
it shall also order the corporation to pay the shareholder's expenses,
including reasonable counsel fees, incurred to obtain the order unless
the corporation proves that it refused inspection in good faith because
it had a reasonable basis for doubt about the right of the shareholder
to inspect the records demanded.

(d)  If the court orders inspection and copying of the records demanded,
it may impose reasonable restrictions on the use or distribution of the
records by the demanding shareholder.

17‑16‑1605.  Inspection of records by directors.

(a)  A director of a corporation is entitled to inspect and copy the
books, records and documents of the corporation at any reasonable time
to the extent reasonably related to the performance of the director's
duties as a director, including duties as a member of a committee, but
not for any other purpose or in any manner that would violate any duty
to the corporation.

(b)  The district court of the county where the corporation's principal
office, or if none in this state, its registered office, is located may
order inspection and copying of the books, records and documents at the
corporation's expense, upon application of a director who has been
refused inspection rights, unless the corporation establishes that the
director is not entitled to those inspection rights. The court shall
dispose of an application under this subsection on an expedited basis.

(c)  If an order is issued, the court may include provisions protecting
the corporation from undue burden or expense, and prohibiting the
director from using information obtained upon exercise of the inspection
rights in a manner that would violate a duty to the corporation, and may
also order the corporation to reimburse the director for the director's
expenses, including reasonable counsel fees, incurred in connection with
the application unless the corporation proves that it refused inspection
in good faith because it had a reasonable basis for doubt about the
right of the director to inspect the records demanded.

17‑16‑1606.  Exception to notice requirement.

(a)  Whenever notice is required to be given under any provision of this
act to any shareholder, the notice shall not be required to be given if:

(i)  Notice of two (2) consecutive annual meetings, and all notices of
meetings during the period between the two (2) consecutive annual
meetings, have been sent to the shareholder at the shareholder's address
as shown on the records of the corporation and have been returned
undeliverable; or

(ii)  All, but not less than two (2), payments of dividends on
securities during a twelve (12) month period, or two (2) consecutive
payments of dividends on securities during a period of more than twelve
(12) months, have been sent to the shareholder at the shareholder's
address as shown on the records of the corporation and have been
returned undeliverable.

(b)  If any shareholder shall deliver to the corporation a written
notice setting forth the shareholder's then current address, the
requirement that notice be given to the shareholder shall be reinstated.

17‑16‑1620.  Financial statements for shareholders.

(a)  A corporation shall furnish, upon request, to its shareholders
annual financial statements, which may be consolidated or combined
statements of the corporation and one (1) or more of its subsidiaries,
as appropriate, that include a balance sheet as of the end of the fiscal
year, an income statement for that year, and a statement of changes in
shareholders' equity for the year unless that information appears
elsewhere in the financial statements. If financial statements are
prepared for the corporation on the basis of generally accepted
accounting principles, the annual financial statements shall also be
prepared on that basis. If detailed financial statements are not
prepared for the corporation on an annual basis, then a copy of its
federal income tax return will satisfy the requirements of this section.

(b)  If the annual financial statements are reported upon by a public
accountant, his report shall accompany them. If not, the statements
shall be accompanied by a statement of the president or the person
responsible for the corporation's accounting records:

(i)  Stating his reasonable belief whether the statements were prepared
on the basis of generally accepted accounting principles and, if not,
describing the basis of preparation; and

(ii)  Describing any respects in which the statements were not prepared
on a basis of accounting consistent with the statements prepared for the
preceding year.

(c)  A corporation shall mail, upon request, the annual financial
statements to each shareholder within one hundred twenty (120) days
after the close of each fiscal year. Thereafter, on written request from
a shareholder who was not mailed the statements, the corporation shall
mail the shareholder the latest financial statements.

17‑16‑1621.  Reserved.

17‑16‑1622.  Other reports to shareholders.

(a)  If a corporation indemnifies or advances expenses to a director
under W.S. 17‑16‑851 through 17‑16‑854 in connection with a proceeding
by or in the right of the corporation, the corporation shall report the
indemnification or advance in writing to the shareholders with or before
the notice of the next shareholders' meeting.

(b)  If a corporation issues or authorizes the issuance of shares for
promissory notes or for promises to render services in the future, the
corporation shall report in writing to the shareholders the number of
shares authorized or issued, and the consideration received by the
corporation, with or before the notice of the next shareholders'
meeting.

17‑16‑1630.  Filing of reports and payment of tax required; amount of
tax; exemptions; records.

(a)  Every corporation organized under the laws of this state and every
foreign corporation which obtains the right to transact and carry on
business within this state (except banks, insurance companies and
savings and loan associations) shall file with the secretary of state on
or before the first day of the month of registration of every year a
certification, under the penalty of perjury, by its treasurer or other
fiscal agent setting forth its capital, property and assets located and
employed in the state of Wyoming. The statement shall give the names and
addresses of its officers and directors and the address of its principal
office. On or before the first day of the month of registration of every
year the corporation shall pay to the secretary of state in addition to
all other statutory taxes and fees a license tax based upon the sum of
its capital, property and assets reported, of fifty dollars (\$50.00) or
two-tenths of one mill on the dollar (\$.0002), whichever is greater.

(i)  Repealed By Laws 2000, Ch. 35, § 2.

(ii)  Repealed By Laws 2000, Ch. 35, § 2.

(iii)  Repealed By Laws 2000, Ch. 35, § 2.

(iv)  Repealed By Laws 2000, Ch. 35, § 2.

(v)  Repealed By Laws 2000, Ch. 35, § 2.

(b)  The provisions of W.S. 17‑16‑1630(a) shall be modified as follows:

(i)  Repealed By Laws 2000, Ch. 35, § 2.

(ii)  Any corporation engaged in the public calling of carrying goods,
passengers or information interstate is not required to comply with the
provisions of W.S. 17‑16‑1630(a) except to the extent of capital,
property and assets used in intrastate business in this state;

(iii)  The value of all mines and mining claims from which gold, silver
and other precious metals, soda, saline, coal, mineral oil or other
valuable deposit, is or shall be produced is deemed equivalent to the
assessed value of the gross product thereof, for the previous year;

(iv)  The assessed value of any property shall be its actual value.

(c)  Financial information in the annual report shall be current as of
the end of the corporation's fiscal year immediately preceding the date
the annual report is executed on behalf of the corporation. All other
information in the annual report shall be current as of the date the
annual report is executed on behalf of the corporation.

(d)  If an annual report does not contain the information required by
this section, the secretary of state shall promptly notify the reporting
domestic or foreign corporation in writing and return the report to it
for correction.

(e)  Every corporation registered or authorized to do business in the
state of Wyoming shall preserve for three (3) years at its principal
place of business, suitable records and books as may be necessary to
determine the amount of tax for which it is liable for under this act.
All records and books shall be available for examination by the
secretary of state or his designee during regular business hours except
as arranged by mutual consent.

(f)  In addition to other fees provided under this section, each
corporation shall pay one hundred dollars (\$100.00) to the secretary of
state for initial incorporation or qualification to do business in
Wyoming.

17‑16‑1631.  Repealed By Laws 1997, ch. 192, § 3.

17‑16‑1632.  Repealed By Laws 1997, ch. 192, § 3.

17‑16‑1633.  Repealed By Laws 1997, ch. 192, § 3.

ARTICLE 17

TRANSITION PROVISIONS

17‑16‑1701.  Application to existing domestic corporations.

(a)  Except as provided in subsection (b) of this section, this act
applies to domestic corporations in existence on its effective date that
were incorporated under any general statute of this state providing for
incorporation of corporations for profit if power to amend or repeal the
statute under which the corporation was incorporated was reserved.

(b)  For corporations incorporated in Wyoming prior to the effective
date of this act, the cumulative voting and shareholder preemptive
rights provisions contained in former W.S. 17‑1‑123 and 17‑1‑130 are
continued for a period of four (4) years from the effective date of this
act unless the corporation amends its articles of incorporation to
provide otherwise.

17‑16‑1702.  Applications to qualified foreign corporations.

A foreign corporation authorized to transact business in this state on
the effective date of this act is subject to this act but is not
required to obtain a new certificate of authority to transact business
under this act.

17‑16‑1703.  Saving provisions.

(a)  Except as provided in subsection (b) of this section, the repeal of
a statute by this act does not affect:

(i)  The operation of the statute or any action taken under it before
its repeal;

(ii)  Any ratification, right, remedy, privilege, obligation or
liability acquired, accrued or incurred under the statute before its
repeal;

(iii)  Any violation of the statute, or any penalty, forfeiture or
punishment incurred because of the violation, before its repeal; or

(iv)  Any proceeding, reorganization or dissolution commenced under the
statute before its repeal, and the proceeding, reorganization or
dissolution may be completed in accordance with the statute as if it had
not been repealed.

(b)  If a penalty or punishment imposed for violation of a statute
repealed by this act is reduced by this act, the penalty or punishment
if not already imposed shall be imposed in accordance with this act.

17‑16‑1704.  Reserved.

17‑16‑1705.  Reserved.

17‑16‑1706.  Reserved.

17‑16‑1720.  Transfer of a Wyoming corporation to another jurisdiction.

(a)  A corporation incorporated, domesticated or continued under this
act may, if authorized by resolution duly adopted as set forth in
subsection (g) of this section, and by the laws of any other
jurisdiction, within or without the United States, apply to the proper
officer of the other jurisdiction for a certificate of registration, and
to the secretary of state of this state for a certificate of transfer.
The application for certificate of transfer shall set forth the
following:

(i)  The name of the corporation immediately prior to the transfer, and
if that name is unavailable for use in the foreign jurisdiction or the
corporation desires to change its name in connection with the transfer,
the name by which the corporation will be known in the foreign
jurisdiction;

(ii)  A statement of the jurisdiction to which the corporation is to be
transferred;

(iii)  A statement that the corporation shall surrender its certificate
of incorporation under this act upon the effectiveness of the transfer;

(iv)  A statement that the transfer was duly approved by the directors
and the shareholders in the manner required under subsection (g) of this
section; and

(v)  Any other terms and conditions of the transfer, including any
desired amendments to the articles of incorporation of the corporation
following its transfer.

(b)  The secretary of state shall require that the corporation maintain
within the state an agent for service of process for at least one (1)
year after the transfer is effected and shall impose any conditions he
considers appropriate for the protection of creditors and stockholders,
including the provision of notice to the public of the application
described in subsection (a) of this section, the provision of a bond or
a deposit of funds in an appropriate depository located in Wyoming and
subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of Wyoming, and if such
conditions are not met, the secretary of state may refuse to issue a
certificate of transfer.

(c)  The secretary of state, upon compliance by the applicant and the
secretary with subsections (a) and (b) of this section and receipt of
payment of the special toll charge prescribed by subsection (e) of this
section shall immediately transmit a notice of issuance of a certificate
of transfer to the proper officer of the jurisdiction to which the
corporation is transferred.

(d)  Upon issuance of a certificate of transfer, the corporation shall
be continued as if it had been incorporated under the laws of the other
jurisdiction and becomes a corporation under the laws of the other
jurisdiction upon issuance by such jurisdiction of a certificate of
registration.

(e)  Every corporation organized, domesticated or continued under the
laws of this state in order to receive a certificate of transfer
pursuant to subsection (c) of this section shall pay to the secretary of
state, in addition to all other statutory taxes and fees, a special toll
charge of fifty dollars (\$50.00).

(i)  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 115, § 3.

(ii)  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 115, § 3.

(iii)  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 115, § 3.

(iv)  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 115, § 3.

(v)  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 115, § 3.

(vi)  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 115, § 3.

(vii)  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 115, § 3.

(viii)  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 115, § 3.

(ix)  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 115, § 3.

(x)  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 115, § 3.

(f)  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 115, § 3.

(g)  A resolution to transfer the corporation to another jurisdiction
shall be adopted by the board of directors, and shall thereafter be
submitted to the shareholders for their approval. The board of directors
shall also transmit to the shareholders a recommendation that the
shareholders approve the resolution, unless the board of directors makes
a determination that because of conflicts of interest or other special
circumstances it should not make such a recommendation, in which case
the board of directors shall transmit to the shareholders the basis for
that determination. The board of directors may condition its submission
of the resolution to the shareholders on any basis. If the approval of
the shareholders is to be given at a meeting, the corporation shall
notify each shareholder, whether or not entitled to vote, of the meeting
of shareholders at which the resolution for transfer is to be submitted
for approval. The notice shall contain or be accompanied by a copy or
summary of the resolution and of the articles of incorporation of the
corporation as they will be in effect in the new jurisdiction
immediately after the transfer. Unless the articles of incorporation or
the board of directors requires a greater vote or a greater number of
votes to be present, approval of the resolution requires the affirmative
vote of a majority of the shareholders at a meeting at which a quorum,
consisting of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast, is present,
and, if any class or series of shares is entitled to vote as a separate
group on the resolution, the approval of each such separate voting group
at a meeting at which a quorum of the voting group consisting of at
least a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the resolution by
that voting group exists. Separate voting by voting groups is required
to the extent the same would be required for a proposed amendment to the
articles of incorporation.

(h)  The corporation may represent to the proper officer of the
jurisdiction to which the corporation is transferred that the laws of
the state of Wyoming permit such transfer, and may describe the
permission extended by this section as authorizing the domestication,
continuance or other transfer of domicile as may be required by the laws
of the foreign jurisdiction in order for the corporation to be accepted
in that jurisdiction, provided that the corporation may not misrepresent
the requirements or effects of the provisions of this section.

ARTICLE 18

DOMESTICATION AND CONTINUANCE OF FOREIGN CORPORATIONS; TRANSFER OF
DOMESTIC CORPORATIONS

17‑16‑1801.  Domestication of foreign corporations.

Any corporation incorporated under the laws of any of the several states
of the United States for any purpose except acting as an insurer as
defined in W.S. 26‑1‑102(a)(xvi), or acting as a financial institution
as described by W.S. 13‑1‑101(a)(ix) may become a domestic corporation
of this state by delivering or causing to be delivered to the secretary
of state articles of domestication. Upon filing the articles of
domestication, the secretary of state shall issue to the foreign
corporation a certificate of domestication which shall continue the
corporation as if it had been incorporated under this act. The articles
of domestication, upon being filed by the secretary of state, constitute
the articles of the domesticated foreign corporation and it shall
thereafter have all the powers and privileges and be subjected to all
the duties and limitations granted and imposed upon domestic
corporations under the provisions of the Wyoming Business Corporation
Act. A corporation does not become a resident for the purpose of W.S.
16‑6‑101 through 16‑6‑118 solely because it becomes a domestic
corporation under this section.

17‑16‑1802.  Application for certificate of domestication; articles of
domestication.

(a)  A foreign corporation, in order to procure a certificate of
domestication shall file articles of domestication with the secretary of
state, which articles shall include and set forth:

(i)  A certified copy of its original articles of incorporation and all
amendments thereto or its equivalent basic corporate charter or other
authorization, and a certificate of good standing not more than thirty
(30) days old;

(ii)  The name of the corporation and the jurisdiction under the laws of
which it is incorporated;

(iii)  The date of incorporation and the period of duration of the
corporation;

(iv)  The address of the principal office of the corporation and the
jurisdiction under the laws of which it is incorporated;

(v)  The address of the proposed registered office of the corporation in
this state, and the name of its proposed registered agent in this state
at that address;

(vi)  The purpose or purposes of the corporation which it proposes to
pursue in the transaction of business in this state;

(vii)  The names and addresses of the directors and officers of the
corporation;

(viii)  A statement of the aggregate number of shares or other ownership
units which the corporation has authority to issue, itemized by classes,
par value of shares, shares without par value and series, if any, within
a class;

(ix)  A statement of the aggregate number of issued shares or other
ownership units itemized by classes, par value of shares, shares without
par value and series, if any, within a class;

(x)  A statement that the corporation accepts the constitution of this
state in compliance with the requirement of article 10, section 5 of the
Wyoming constitution;

(xi)  Any additional information as may be necessary or appropriate to
enable the secretary of state to determine whether the corporation is
entitled to a certificate of domestication evidencing its authority to
transact business in this state, and to determine and assess the fees
and license taxes under the laws of this state.

17‑16‑1810.  Continuance of foreign corporations.

(a)  Subject to subsection (b) of this section, any corporation
incorporated for any purpose except acting as an insurer as defined in
W.S. 26‑1‑102(a)(xvi), or acting as a financial institution as described
by W.S. 13‑1‑101(a)(ix) under the laws of any jurisdiction other than
this state may, if the jurisdiction will acknowledge the corporation's
termination of domicile in the foreign jurisdiction, apply to the
secretary of state for registration under this act, thus continuing the
foreign corporation in Wyoming as if it had been incorporated in this
state. The secretary of state may issue a certificate of registration
upon receipt of an application supported by articles of continuance as
provided by this act together with the statements, information and
documents set out in subsection (c) of this section. The certificate of
registration may then be issued subject to any limitations and
conditions and may contain any provisions as may appear proper to the
secretary of state.

(b)  The secretary of state shall cause notice of issuance of a
certificate of registration to be given forthwith to the proper officer
of the jurisdiction in which the corporation was previously
incorporated.

(c)  The articles of continuance filed by a foreign corporation with the
secretary of state shall contain:

(i)  A certified copy of its original articles of incorporation and all
amendments thereto or its equivalent basic corporate charter or other
authorization;

(ii)  The name of the corporation and the jurisdiction under the laws of
which it is incorporated;

(iii)  The date of incorporation and the period of duration of the
corporation;

(iv)  The address of the principal office of the corporation;

(v)  The address of the proposed registered office of the corporation in
this state and the name of its proposed registered agent in this state
at the address;

(vi)  The purpose or purposes of the corporation which it proposes to
pursue in the transaction of business in this state;

(vii)  The names and respective business addresses of the directors and
officers of the corporation;

(viii)  A statement of the aggregate number of shares or other ownership
units which the corporation has authority to issue, itemized by classes,
par value of shares, shares without par value and series, if any, within
a class;

(ix)  A statement of the aggregate number of issued shares or other
ownership units itemized by classes, par value of shares, shares without
par value and series, if any, within a class;

(x)  Such additional information concerning capital structure or
financial status as the secretary of state deems necessary to establish
fees;

(xi)  A statement that the corporation accepts the constitution of this
state in compliance with the requirements of article 10, section 5 of
the Wyoming constitution;

(xii)  Any additional information necessary or appropriate to enable the
secretary of state to determine whether the corporation is entitled to a
certificate of registration evidencing its authority to transact
business in the state and to determine and to assess any fees and taxes
under the laws of this state;

(xiii)  Any additional information permitted in articles of
incorporation under W.S. 17‑16‑202.

(d)  The application shall be executed by the corporation by its
president or other officer, director, trustee, manager or person
performing functions equivalent to those of a president and who is
authorized to execute the application on behalf of the corporation and
shall be verified by the officer signing the application.

(e)  The provisions of the articles of continuance may, without
expressly so stating, vary from the provisions of the corporation's
articles of incorporation or equivalent basic corporate charter or other
authorization, if the variation is one which a corporation incorporated
under the Wyoming Business Corporation Act could effect by way of
amendment to its articles of incorporation. Upon issuance of a
certificate of continuance by the secretary of state, the articles of
continuance shall be deemed to be the articles of incorporation of the
continued corporation. The corporation may elect to incorporate by
reference in the articles of continuance its basic corporate charter or
other authorization which had been adopted by the corporation in the
foreign jurisdiction, in order to permit the same to continue to act as
the articles of incorporation of the corporation, provided, however,
that such basic corporate charter or other authorization shall be deemed
amended to the extent necessary to make the same conform to the laws of
Wyoming and to the provisions of the articles of continuance.

(f)  Except for the purpose of W.S. 16‑6‑101 through 16‑6‑118, the
existence of any corporation heretofore or hereafter issued a
certificate of continuation under this act shall be deemed to have
commenced on the date the corporation commenced its existence in the
jurisdiction in which the corporation was first formed, incorporated or
otherwise came into being. The laws of Wyoming shall apply to a
corporation continuing under this act to the same extent as if the
corporation had been incorporated under the laws of Wyoming from and
after the issuance of a certificate of continuation under this act by
the secretary of state to the corporation. When a foreign corporation is
continued as a corporation under this act, such continuance shall not
affect the corporation's ownership of its property or liability for any
existing obligations, causes of action, claims, pending or threatened
prosecutions or civil or administrative actions, convictions, rulings,
orders, judgments, or any other characteristics or aspects of the
corporation and its existence.

(g)  A share of stock of a foreign corporation issued before the
corporation's continuance in Wyoming is deemed to have been issued in
compliance with the Wyoming Business Corporation Act and the provisions
of the articles of continuance, irrespective of whether the share is
fully paid and nonassessable, and irrespective of any designation,
rights, privileges, restrictions or conditions set out on or referred to
in the certificate representing the share, and irrespective of whether
the certificate is in registered or bearer form. Continuance under this
act does not deprive a stockholder of any right or privilege that he
claims under, or relieve the stockholder of any liability in respect of,
an issued share.

(h)  As used in this section, the term "corporation" shall include any
incorporated organization, foundation, trust, association, or similar
entity which appears to the secretary of state to possess
characteristics sufficiently similar to those of a corporation organized
under the Wyoming Business Corporation Act.

(j)  This act applies to all corporations continued in Wyoming on the
effective date of this act. The repeal of any statute or part thereof by
this act shall have such effect as is provided in W.S. 17‑16‑1703.