CHAPTER 4

SECURITIES

ARTICLE 1

GENERAL PROVISIONS

17‑4‑101.  Short title.

This act may be cited as the "Wyoming Uniform Securities Act."

17‑4‑102.  Definitions.

(a)  In this act, unless the context otherwise requires:

(i)  "Administrator" means the secretary of state;

(ii)  "Agent" means an individual, other than a broker‑dealer, who
represents a broker‑dealer in effecting or attempting to effect
purchases or sales of securities or represents an issuer in effecting or
attempting to effect purchases or sales of the issuer's securities. But
a partner, officer, or director of a broker‑dealer or issuer, or an
individual having a similar status or performing similar functions is an
agent only if the individual otherwise comes within the term. The term
does not include an individual excluded by rule adopted or order issued
under this act;

(iii)  "Bank" means:

(A)  A banking institution organized under the laws of the United
States;

(B)  A member bank of the federal reserve system;

(C)  Any other banking institution, whether incorporated or not, doing
business under the laws of a state or of the United States, a
substantial portion of the business of which consists of receiving
deposits or exercising fiduciary powers similar to those permitted to be
exercised by national banks under the authority of the comptroller of
the currency pursuant to section 1 of Public Law 87‑722 (12 U.S.C. §
92a), and which is supervised and examined by a state or federal agency
having supervision over banks, and which is not operated for the purpose
of evading this act; and

(D)  A receiver, conservator, or other liquidating agent of any
institution or firm included in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of this
paragraph.

(iv)  "Broker‑dealer" means a person engaged in the business of
effecting transactions in securities for the account of others or for
the person's own account. The term does not include:

(A)  An agent;

(B)  An issuer;

(C)  A bank or savings institution if its activities as a broker‑dealer
are limited to those specified in subsections 3(a)(4)(B)(i) through
(vi), (viii) through (x), and (xi) if limited to unsolicited
transactions; 3(a)(5)(B); and 3(a)(5)(C) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (15 U.S.C. §§ 78c(a)(4) and (5)) or a bank that satisfies the
conditions described in subsection 3(a)(4)(E) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. § 78c(a)(4));

(D)  An international banking institution; or

(E)  A person excluded by rule adopted or order issued under this act.

(v)  "Depository institution" means:

(A)  A bank; or

(B)  A savings institution, trust company, credit union, or similar
institution that is organized or chartered under the laws of a state or
of the United States, authorized to receive deposits, and supervised and
examined by an official or agency of a state or the United States if its
deposits or share accounts are insured to the maximum amount authorized
by statute by the federal deposit insurance corporation, the national
credit union share insurance fund, or a successor authorized by federal
law. The term does not include:

(I)  An insurance company or other organization primarily engaged in the
business of insurance;

(II)  A morris plan bank; or

(III)  An industrial loan company that is not an "insured depository
institution" as defined in section 3(c)(2) of the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act, (12 U.S.C. 1813(c)(2)), or any successor federal statute.

(vi)  "Federal covered investment adviser" means a person registered
under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940;

(vii)  "Federal covered security" means a security that is, or upon
completion of a transaction will be, a covered security under section
18(b) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. § 77r(b)) or rules or
regulations adopted pursuant to that provision;

(viii)  "Filing" means the receipt under this act of a record by the
secretary of state or a designee of the secretary of state;

(ix)  "Fraud," "deceit," and "defraud" are not limited to common law
deceit;

(x)  "Guaranteed" means guaranteed as to payment of all principal and
all interest;

(xi)  "Institutional investor" means any of the following, whether
acting for itself or for others in a fiduciary capacity:

(A)  A depository institution or international banking institution;

(B)  An insurance company;

(C)  A separate account of an insurance company;

(D)  An investment company as defined in the Investment Company Act of
1940;

(E)  A broker‑dealer registered under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934;

(F)  An employee pension, profit‑sharing, or benefit plan if the plan
has total assets in excess of ten million dollars (\$10,000,000.00) or
its investment decisions are made by a named fiduciary, as defined in
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, that is a
broker‑dealer registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, an
investment adviser registered or exempt from registration under the
Investment Advisers Act of 1940, an investment adviser registered under
this act, a depository institution, or an insurance company;

(G)  A plan established and maintained by a state, a political
subdivision of a state, or an agency or instrumentality of a state or a
political subdivision of a state for the benefit of its employees, if
the plan has total assets in excess of ten million dollars
(\$10,000,000.00) or its investment decisions are made by a duly
designated public official or by a named fiduciary, as defined in the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, that is a broker‑dealer
registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, an investment
adviser registered or exempt from registration under the Investment
Advisers Act of 1940, an investment adviser registered under this act, a
depository institution, or an insurance company;

(H)  A trust, if it has total assets in excess of ten million dollars
(\$10,000,000.00), its trustee is a depository institution, and its
participants are exclusively plans of the types identified in
subparagraph (F) or (G) of this paragraph, regardless of the size of
their assets, except a trust that includes as participants self‑directed
individual retirement accounts or similar self‑directed plans;

(J)  An organization described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal
Revenue Code (26 U.S.C. § 501(c)(3)), corporation, Massachusetts trust
or similar business trust, limited liability company, or partnership,
not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered,
with total assets in excess of ten million dollars (\$10,000,000.00);

(K)  A small business investment company licensed by the small business
administration under section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act
of 1958 (15 U.S.C. § 681(c)) with total assets in excess of ten million
dollars (\$10,000,000.00);

(M)  A private business development company as defined in section
202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. §
80b‑2(a)(22)) with total assets in excess of ten million dollars
(\$10,000,000.00);

(N)  A federal covered investment adviser acting for its own account;

(O)  A "qualified institutional buyer" as defined in rule 144A(a)(1),
other than rule 144A(a)(1)(i)(H), adopted under the Securities Act of
1933 (17 C.F.R. 230.144A);

(P)  A "major United States institutional investor" as defined in rule
15a‑6(b)(4)(i) adopted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17
C.F.R. 240.15a‑6);

(Q)  Any other person, other than an individual, of institutional
character with total assets in excess of ten million dollars
(\$10,000,000.00) not organized for the specific purpose of evading this
act; or

(R)  Any other person specified by rule adopted or order issued under
this act.

(xii)  "Insurance company" means a company organized as an insurance
company whose primary business is writing insurance or reinsuring risks
underwritten by insurance companies and which is subject to supervision
by the insurance commissioner or a similar official or agency of a
state;

(xiii)  "Insured" means insured as to payment of all principal and all
interest;

(xiv)  "International banking institution" means an international
financial institution of which the United States is a member and whose
securities are exempt from registration under the Securities Act of
1933;

(xv)  "Investment adviser" means a person that, for compensation,
engages in the business of advising others, either directly or through
publications or writings, as to the value of securities or the
advisability of investing in, purchasing, or selling securities or that,
for compensation and as a part of a regular business, issues or
promulgates analyses or reports concerning securities. The term includes
a financial planner or other person that, as an integral component of
other financially related services, provides investment advice to others
for compensation as part of a business or that holds itself out as
providing investment advice to others for compensation. The term does
not include:

(A)  An investment adviser representative;

(B)  A lawyer, accountant, engineer, or teacher whose performance of
investment advice is solely incidental to the practice of the person's
profession;

(C)  A broker‑dealer or its agents whose performance of investment
advice is solely incidental to the conduct of business as a
broker‑dealer and that does not receive special compensation for the
investment advice;

(D)  A publisher of a bona fide newspaper, news magazine, or business or
financial publication of general and regular circulation;

(E)  A federal covered investment adviser;

(F)  A bank or savings institution;

(G)  Any other person that is excluded by the Investment Advisers Act of
1940 from the definition of investment adviser; or

(H)  Any other person excluded by rule adopted or order issued under
this act.

(xvi)  "Investment adviser representative" means an individual employed
by or associated with an investment adviser or federal covered
investment adviser and who makes any recommendations or otherwise gives
investment advice regarding securities, manages accounts or portfolios
of clients, determines which recommendation or advice regarding
securities should be given, provides investment advice or holds himself
out as providing investment advice, receives compensation to solicit,
offer, or negotiate for the sale of or for selling investment advice, or
supervises employees who perform any of the foregoing. The term does not
include an individual who:

(A)  Performs only clerical or ministerial acts;

(B)  Is an agent whose performance of investment advice is solely
incidental to the individual acting as an agent and who does not receive
special compensation for investment advisory services;

(C)  Is employed by or associated with a federal covered investment
adviser, unless the individual has a "place of business" in this state
as that term is defined by rule adopted under section 203A of the
Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. § 80b‑3a) and is:

(I)  An "investment adviser representative" as that term is defined by
rule adopted under section 203A of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940
(15 U.S.C. § 80b‑3a); or

(II)  Not a "supervised person" as that term is defined in section
202(a)(25) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. §
80b‑2(a)(25)).

(D)  Is excluded by rule adopted or order issued under this act.

(xvii)  "Issuer" means a person that issues or proposes to issue a
security, subject to the following:

(A)  The issuer of a voting trust certificate, collateral trust
certificate, certificate of deposit for a security, or share in an
investment company without a board of directors or individuals
performing similar functions is the person performing the acts and
assuming the duties of depositor or manager pursuant to the trust or
other agreement or instrument under which the security is issued;

(B)  The issuer of an equipment trust certificate or similar security
serving the same purpose is the person by which the property is or will
be used or to which the property or equipment is or will be leased or
conditionally sold or that is otherwise contractually responsible for
assuring payment of the certificate;

(C)  The issuer of a fractional undivided interest in an oil, gas, or
other mineral lease or in payments out of production under a lease,
right, or royalty is the owner of an interest in the lease or in
payments out of production under a lease, right, or royalty, whether
whole or fractional, that creates fractional interests for the purpose
of sale.

(xviii)  "Nonissuer transaction" or "nonissuer distribution" means a
transaction or distribution not directly or indirectly for the benefit
of the issuer;

(xix)  "Offer to purchase" includes an attempt or offer to obtain, or
solicitation of an offer to sell, a security or interest in a security
for value. The term does not include a tender offer that is subject to
section 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78n(d));

(xx)  "Person" means an individual; corporation; business trust; estate;
trust; partnership; limited liability company; association; joint
venture; government; governmental subdivision, agency, or
instrumentality; public corporation; or any other legal or commercial
entity;

(xxi)  "Place of business" of a broker‑dealer, an investment adviser, or
a federal covered investment adviser means:

(A)  An office at which the broker‑dealer, investment adviser, or
federal covered investment adviser regularly provides brokerage or
investment advice or solicits, meets with, or otherwise communicates
with customers or clients; or

(B)  Any other location that is held out to the general public as a
location at which the broker‑dealer, investment adviser, or federal
covered investment adviser provides brokerage or investment advice or
solicits, meets with, or otherwise communicates with customers or
clients.

(xxii)  "Predecessor act" means the act repealed and replaced by this
act;

(xxiii)  "Price amendment" means the amendment to a registration
statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933 or, if an amendment is
not filed, the prospectus or prospectus supplement filed under the
Securities Act of 1933 that includes a statement of the offering price,
underwriting and selling discounts or commissions, amount of proceeds,
conversion rates, call prices, and other matters dependent upon the
offering price;

(xxiv)  "Principal place of business" of a broker‑dealer or an
investment adviser means the executive office of the broker‑dealer or
investment adviser from which the officers, partners, or managers of the
broker‑dealer or investment adviser direct, control, and coordinate the
activities of the broker‑dealer or investment adviser;

(xxv)  "Record," except in the phrases "of record," "official record,"
and "public record," means information that is inscribed on a tangible
medium or that is stored in an electronic or other medium and is
retrievable in perceivable form;

(xxvi)  "Sale" includes every contract of sale, contract to sell, or
disposition of, a security or interest in a security for value, and
"offer to sell" includes every attempt or offer to dispose of, or
solicitation of an offer to purchase, a security or interest in a
security for value. Both terms include:

(A)  A security given or delivered with, or as a bonus on account of, a
purchase of securities or any other thing constituting part of the
subject of the purchase and having been offered and sold for value;

(B)  A gift of assessable stock involving an offer and sale; and

(C)  A sale or offer of a warrant or right to purchase or subscribe to
another security of the same or another issuer and a sale or offer of a
security that gives the holder a present or future right or privilege to
convert the security into another security of the same or another
issuer, including an offer of the other security.

(xxvii)  "Securities and exchange commission" means the United States
securities and exchange commission;

(xxviii)  "Security" means a note; stock; treasury stock; security
future; bond; debenture; evidence of indebtedness; certificate of
interest or participation in a profit‑sharing agreement; collateral
trust certificate; preorganization certificate or subscription;
transferable share; investment contract; voting trust certificate;
certificate of deposit for a security; put, call, straddle, option, or
privilege on a security, certificate of deposit, or group or index of
securities, including an interest therein or based on the value thereof;
put, call, straddle, option, or privilege entered into on a national
securities exchange relating to foreign currency; or, in general, an
interest or instrument commonly known as a "security"; or a certificate
of interest or participation in, temporary or interim certificate for,
receipt for, guarantee of, or warrant or right to subscribe to or
purchase, any of the foregoing. The term:

(A)  Includes both a certificated and an uncertificated security;

(B)  Does not include an insurance or endowment policy or annuity
contract under which an insurance company promises to pay a fixed or
variable sum of money either in a lump sum or periodically for life or
other specified period;

(C)  Does not include an interest in a contributory or noncontributory
pension or welfare plan subject to the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974;

(D)  Includes as an "investment contract" an investment in a common
enterprise with the expectation of profits to be derived primarily from
the efforts of a person other than the investor and a "common
enterprise" means an enterprise in which the fortunes of the investor
are interwoven with those of either the person offering the investment,
a third party, or other investors; and

(E)  Includes as an "investment contract," among other contracts, an
interest in a limited partnership and a limited liability company and an
investment in a viatical settlement or similar agreement.

(xxix)  "Self‑regulatory organization" means a national securities
exchange registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, a
national securities association of broker‑dealers registered under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, a clearing agency registered under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the municipal securities rulemaking
board established under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;

(xxx)  "Sign" means, with present intent to authenticate or adopt a
record:

(A)  To execute or adopt a tangible symbol; or

(B)  To attach or logically associate with the record an electronic
symbol, sound, or process.

(xxxi)  "State" means a state of the United States, the District of
Columbia, Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, or any
territory or insular possession subject to the jurisdiction of the
United States;

(xxxii)  "This act" means W.S. 17‑4‑101 through 17‑4‑701.

17‑4‑103.  References to federal statutes.

As used in this act: "Securities Act of 1933" (15 U.S.C. § 77a et seq.),
"Securities Exchange Act of 1934" (15 U.S.C. § 78a et seq.), "Public
Utility Holding Company Act of 1935" (15 U.S.C. § 79 et seq.),
"Investment Company Act of 1940" (15 U.S.C. § 80a‑1 et seq.),
"Investment Advisers Act of 1940" (15 U.S.C. § 80b‑1 et seq.), "Employee
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974" (29 U.S.C. § 1001 et seq.),
"National Housing Act" (12 U.S.C. § 1701 et seq.), "Commodity Exchange
Act" (7 U.S.C. § 1 et seq.), "Internal Revenue Code" (26 U.S.C. § 1 et
seq.), "Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970" (15 U.S.C. § 78aaa
et seq.), "Securities Litigation Uniform Standards Act of 1998" (112
Stat. 3227), "Small Business Investment Act of 1958" (15 U.S.C. § 661 et
seq.), and "Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act"
(15 U.S.C. § 7001 et seq.) mean those statutes and the rules and
regulations adopted under those statutes, as in effect on the date of
enactment of this act.

17‑4‑104.  References to federal agencies.

A reference in this act to an agency or department of the United States
is also a reference to a successor agency or department.

17‑4‑105.  Electronic records and signatures.

This act modifies, limits, and supersedes the federal Electronic
Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, but does not modify,
limit, or supersede section 101(c) of that act (15 U.S.C. § 7001(c)) or
authorize electronic delivery of any of the notices described in section
103(b) of that act (15 U.S.C. § 7003(b)). This act authorizes the filing
of records and signatures, when specified by provisions of this act or
by a rule adopted or order issued under this act, in a manner consistent
with section 104(a) of that act (15 U.S.C. § 7004(a)).

17‑4‑106.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑107.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑108.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑109.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑110.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑111.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑112.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑113.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑114.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑115.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑116.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑117.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑118.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑119.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑120.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑121.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑122.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑123.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑124.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑125.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑126.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑127.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑128.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑129.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑130.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑131.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

17‑4‑132.  Repealed and Recreated by Laws 2016, ch. 22, § 1

ARTICLE 2

EXEMPTIONS FROM REGISTRATION OF SECURITIES

17‑4‑201.  Exempt securities.

(a)  The following securities are exempt from the requirements of W.S.
17‑4‑301 through 17‑4‑306 and 17‑4‑504:

(i)  A security, including a revenue obligation or a separate security
as defined in rule 131 (17 C.F.R. 230.131) adopted under the Securities
Act of 1933, issued, insured, or guaranteed by the United States; by a
state; by a political subdivision of a state; by a public authority,
agency, or instrumentality of one (1) or more states; by a political
subdivision of one (1) or more states; or by a person controlled or
supervised by and acting as an instrumentality of the United States
under authority granted by the congress; or a certificate of deposit for
any of the foregoing;

(ii)  A security issued, insured or guaranteed by a foreign government
with which the United States maintains diplomatic relations, or any of
its political subdivisions, if the security is recognized as a valid
obligation by the issuer, insurer, or guarantor;

(iii)  A security issued by and representing or that will represent an
interest in or a direct obligation of, or be guaranteed by:

(A)  An international banking institution;

(B)  A banking institution organized under the laws of the United
States; a member bank of the federal reserve system; or a depository
institution a substantial portion of the business of which consists or
will consist of receiving deposits or share accounts that are insured to
the maximum amount authorized by statute by the federal deposit
insurance corporation, the national credit union share insurance fund,
or a successor authorized by federal law or exercising fiduciary powers
that are similar to those permitted for national banks under the
authority of the comptroller of currency pursuant to section 1 of Public
Law 87‑722 (12 U.S.C. § 92a); or

(C)  Any other depository institution, unless by rule or order the
secretary of state proceeds under W.S. 17‑4‑205.

(iv)  A security issued by and representing an interest in, or a debt
of, or insured or guaranteed by, an insurance company authorized to do
business in this state;

(v)  A security issued or guaranteed by a railroad, other common
carrier, public utility, or public utility holding company that is:

(A)  Regulated in respect to its rates and charges by the United States
or a state;

(B)  Regulated in respect to the issuance or guarantee of the security
by the United States, a state, Canada, or a Canadian province or
territory; or

(C)  A public utility holding company registered under the Public
Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 or a subsidiary of such a registered
holding company within the meaning of that act.

(vi)  A federal covered security specified in section 18(b)(1) of the
Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. § 77r(b)(1)) or by rule adopted under
that provision or a security listed or approved for listing on another
securities market specified by rule under this act; a put or a call
option contract; a warrant; a subscription right on or with respect to
such securities; or an option or similar derivative security on a
security or an index of securities or foreign currencies issued by a
clearing agency registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and
listed or designated for trading on a national securities exchange, a
facility of a national securities exchange, or a facility of a national
securities association registered under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 or an offer or sale, of the underlying security in connection with
the offer, sale, or exercise of an option or other security that was
exempt when the option or other security was written or issued; or an
option or a derivative security designated by the securities and
exchange commission under section 9(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (15 U.S.C. § 78i(b));

(vii)  A security issued by a person organized and operated exclusively
for religious, educational, benevolent, fraternal, charitable, social,
athletic, or reformatory purposes, or as a chamber of commerce, and not
for pecuniary profit, no part of the net earnings of which inures to the
benefit of a private stockholder or other person, or a security of a
company that is excluded from the definition of an investment company
under section 3(c)(10)(B) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15
U.S.C. § 80a‑3(c)(10)(B)); except that with respect to the offer or sale
of a note, bond, debenture, or other evidence of indebtedness issued by
such a person, a rule may be adopted under this act limiting the
availability of this exemption by classifying securities, persons, and
transactions, imposing different requirements for different classes,
specifying with respect to subparagraph (B) of this paragraph the scope
of the exemption and the grounds for denial or suspension, and requiring
an issuer:

(A)  To file a notice specifying the material terms of the proposed
offer or sale and copies of any proposed sales and advertising
literature to be used and provide that the exemption becomes effective
if the secretary of state does not disallow the exemption within the
period established by the rule;

(B)  To file a request for exemption authorization for which a rule
under this act may specify the scope of the exemption, the requirement
of an offering statement, the filing of sales and advertising
literature, the filing of consent to service of process complying with
W.S. 17‑4‑611, and grounds for denial or suspension of the exemption; or

(C)  To register under W.S. 17‑4‑304.

(viii)  A member's or owner's interest in, or a retention certificate or
like security given in lieu of a cash patronage dividend issued by, a
cooperative organized and operated as a nonprofit membership cooperative
under the cooperative laws of a state, but not a member's or owner's
interest, retention certificate, or like security sold to persons other
than bona fide members of the cooperative; and

(ix)  An equipment trust certificate with respect to equipment leased or
conditionally sold to a person, if any security issued by the person
would be exempt under this section or would be a federal covered
security under section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C.
§ 77r(b)(1)).

17‑4‑202.  Exempt transactions.

(a)  The following transactions are exempt from the requirements of W.S.
17‑4‑301 through 17‑4‑306 and 17‑4‑504:

(i)  An isolated nonissuer transaction, whether effected by or through a
broker‑dealer or not;

(ii)  A nonissuer transaction by or through a broker‑dealer registered,
or exempt from registration under this act, and a resale transaction by
a sponsor of a unit investment trust registered under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, in a security of a class that has been outstanding
in the hands of the public for at least ninety (90) days, if, at the
date of the transaction:

(A)  The issuer of the security is engaged in business, the issuer is
not in the organizational stage or in bankruptcy or receivership, and
the issuer is not a blank check, blind pool, or shell company that has
no specific business plan or purpose or has indicated that its primary
business plan is to engage in a merger or combination of the business
with, or an acquisition of, an unidentified person;

(B)  The security is sold at a price reasonably related to its current
market price;

(C)  The security does not constitute the whole or part of an unsold
allotment to, or a subscription or participation by, the broker‑dealer
as an underwriter of the security or a redistribution;

(D)  A nationally recognized securities manual or its electronic
equivalent designated by rule adopted or order issued under this act or
a record filed with the securities and exchange commission that is
publicly available and contains:

(I)  A description of the business and operations of the issuer; and

(II)  The names of the issuer's executive officers and the names of the
issuer's directors, if any; and

(III)  An audited balance sheet of the issuer as of a date within
eighteen (18) months before the date of the transaction or, in the case
of a reorganization or merger when the parties to the reorganization or
merger each had an audited balance sheet, a pro forma balance sheet for
the combined organization; and

(IV)  An audited income statement for each of the issuer's two (2)
immediately previous fiscal years or for the period of existence of the
issuer, whichever is shorter, or, in the case of a reorganization or
merger when each party to the reorganization or merger had audited
income statements, a pro forma income statement.

(E)  Any one (1) of the following requirements is met:

(I)  The issuer of the security has a class of equity securities listed
on a national securities exchange registered under section 6 of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or designated for trading on the
national association of securities dealers automated quotation system;

(II)  The issuer of the security is a unit investment trust registered
under the Investment Company Act of 1940;

(III)  The issuer of the security, including its predecessors, has been
engaged in continuous business for at least three (3) years; or

(IV)  The issuer of the security has total assets of at least two
million dollars (\$2,000,000.00) based on an audited balance sheet as of
a date within eighteen (18) months before the date of the transaction
or, in the case of a reorganization or merger when the parties to the
reorganization or merger each had such an audited balance sheet, a pro
forma balance sheet for the combined organization.

(iii)  A nonissuer transaction by or through a broker‑dealer registered
or exempt from registration under this act in a security of a foreign
issuer that is a margin security defined in regulations or rules adopted
by the board of governors of the federal reserve system;

(iv)  A nonissuer transaction by or through a broker‑dealer registered
or exempt from registration under this act in an outstanding security if
the guarantor of the security files reports with the securities and
exchange commission under the reporting requirements of section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d));

(v)  A nonissuer transaction by or through a broker‑dealer registered or
exempt from registration under this act in a security that:

(A)  Is rated at the time of the transaction by a nationally recognized
statistical rating organization in one (1) of its four (4) highest
rating categories; or

(B)  Has a fixed maturity or a fixed interest or dividend, if:

(I)  A default has not occurred during the current fiscal year or within
the three (3) previous fiscal years or during the existence of the
issuer and any predecessor if less than three (3) fiscal years, in the
payment of principal, interest, or dividends on the security; and

(II)  The issuer is engaged in business, is not in the organizational
stage or in bankruptcy or receivership, and is not and has not been
within the previous twelve (12) months a blank check, blind pool, or
shell company that has no specific business plan or purpose or has
indicated that its primary business plan is to engage in a merger or
combination of the business with, or an acquisition of, an unidentified
person.

(vi)  A nonissuer transaction by or through a broker‑dealer registered
or exempt from registration under this act effecting an unsolicited
order or offer to purchase;

(vii)  A nonissuer transaction executed by a bona fide pledgee without
the purpose of evading this act;

(viii)  A nonissuer transaction by a federal covered investment adviser
with investments under management in excess of one hundred million
dollars (\$100,000,000.00) acting in the exercise of discretionary
authority in a signed record for the account of others;

(ix)  A transaction in a security, whether or not the security or
transaction is otherwise exempt, in exchange for one (1) or more bona
fide outstanding securities, claims, or property interests, or partly in
such exchange and partly for cash, if the terms and conditions of the
issuance and exchange or the delivery and exchange and the fairness of
the terms and conditions have been approved by the secretary of state
after a hearing;

(x)  A transaction between the issuer or other person on whose behalf
the offering is made and an underwriter, or among underwriters;

(xi)  A transaction in a note, bond, debenture, or other evidence of
indebtedness secured by a mortgage or other security agreement if:

(A)  The note, bond, debenture, or other evidence of indebtedness is
offered and sold with the mortgage or other security agreement as a
unit;

(B)  A general solicitation or general advertisement of the transaction
is not made; and

(C)  A commission or other remuneration is not paid or given, directly
or indirectly, to a person not registered under this act as a
broker‑dealer or as an agent.

(xii)  A transaction by an executor, administrator of an estate,
sheriff, marshal, receiver, trustee in bankruptcy, guardian, or
conservator;

(xiii)  A sale or offer to sell to:

(A)  An institutional investor;

(B)  A federal covered investment adviser; or

(C)  Any other person exempted by rule adopted or order issued under
this act.

(xiv)  A sale or an offer to sell securities of an issuer, if the
transaction is part of a single issue in which:

(A)  Not more than twenty‑five (25) purchasers are present in this state
during any twelve (12) consecutive months, other than those designated
in paragraph (xiii) of this subsection;

(B)  A general solicitation or general advertising is not made in
connection with the offer to sell or sale of the securities;

(C)  A commission or other remuneration is not paid or given, directly
or indirectly, to a person other than a broker‑dealer registered under
this act or an agent registered under this act for soliciting a
prospective purchaser in this state; and

(D)  The issuer reasonably believes that all the purchasers in this
state, other than those designated in paragraph (xiii) of this
subsection, are purchasing for investment.

(xv)  A transaction under an offer to existing security holders of the
issuer, including persons that at the date of the transaction are
holders of convertible securities, options, or warrants, if a commission
or other remuneration, other than a standby commission, is not paid or
given, directly or indirectly, for soliciting a security holder in this
state;

(xvi)  An offer to sell, but not a sale, of a security not exempt from
registration under the Securities Act of 1933 if:

(A)  A registration or offering statement or similar record as required
under the Securities Act of 1933 has been filed, but is not effective,
or the offer is made in compliance with rule 165 adopted under the
Securities Act of 1933 (17 C.F.R. 230.165); and

(B)  A stop order of which the offeror is aware has not been issued
against the offeror by the secretary of state or the securities and
exchange commission, and an audit, inspection, or proceeding that is
public and that may culminate in a stop order is not known by the
offeror to be pending.

(xvii)  An offer to sell, but not a sale, of a security exempt from
registration under the Securities Act of 1933 if:

(A)  A registration statement has been filed under this act, but is not
effective;

(B)  a solicitation of interest is provided in a record to offerees in
compliance with a rule adopted by the secretary of state under this act;
and

(C)  A stop order of which the offeror is aware has not been issued by
the secretary of state under this act and an audit, inspection, or
proceeding that may culminate in a stop order is not known by the
offeror to be pending.

(xviii)  A transaction involving the distribution of the securities of
an issuer to the security holders of another person in connection with a
merger, consolidation, exchange of securities, sale of assets, or other
reorganization to which the issuer, or its parent or subsidiary and the
other person, or its parent or subsidiary, are parties;

(xix)  A rescission offer, sale, or purchase under W.S. 17‑4‑510;

(xx)  An offer or sale of a security to a person not a resident of this
state and not present in this state if the offer or sale does not
constitute a violation of the laws of the state or foreign jurisdiction
in which the offeree or purchaser is present and is not part of an
unlawful plan or scheme to evade this act;

(xxi)  Employees' stock purchase, savings, option, profit‑sharing,
pension, or similar employees' benefit plan, including any securities,
plan interests, and guarantees issued under a compensatory benefit plan
or compensation contract, contained in a record, established by the
issuer, its parents, its majority‑owned subsidiaries, or the
majority‑owned subsidiaries of the issuer's parent for the participation
of their employees including offers or sales of such securities to:

(A)  Directors; general partners; trustees, if the issuer is a business
trust; officers; consultants; and advisers;

(B)  Family members who acquire such securities from those persons
through gifts or domestic relations orders;

(C)  Former employees, directors, general partners, trustees, officers,
consultants, and advisers if those individuals were employed by or
providing services to the issuer when the securities were offered; and

(D)  Insurance agents who are exclusive insurance agents of the issuer,
or the issuer's subsidiaries or parents, or who derive more than fifty
percent (50%) of their annual income from those organizations.

(xxii)  A transaction involving:

(A)  A stock dividend or equivalent equity distribution, whether the
corporation or other business organization distributing the dividend or
equivalent equity distribution is the issuer or not, if nothing of value
is given by stockholders or other equity holders for the dividend or
equivalent equity distribution other than the surrender of a right to a
cash or property dividend if each stockholder or other equity holder may
elect to take the dividend or equivalent equity distribution in cash,
property, or stock;

(B)  An act incident to a judicially approved reorganization in which a
security is issued in exchange for one (1) or more outstanding
securities, claims, or property interests, or partly in such exchange
and partly for cash; or

(C)  The solicitation of tenders of securities by an offeror in a tender
offer in compliance with rule 162 adopted under the Securities Act of
1933 (17 C.F.R. 230.162).

(xxiii)  A nonissuer transaction in an outstanding security by or
through a broker‑dealer registered or exempt from registration under
this act, if the issuer is a reporting issuer in a foreign jurisdiction
designated by this paragraph or by rule adopted or order issued under
this act; has been subject to continuous reporting requirements in the
foreign jurisdiction for not less than one hundred eighty (180) days
before the transaction; and the security is listed on the foreign
jurisdiction's securities exchange that has been designated by this
paragraph or by rule adopted or order issued under this act, or is a
security of the same issuer that is of senior or substantially equal
rank to the listed security or is a warrant or right to purchase or
subscribe to any of the foregoing. For purposes of this paragraph,
Canada, together with its provinces and territories, is a designated
foreign jurisdiction and the Toronto Stock Exchange, Inc., is a
designated securities exchange. After an administrative hearing in
compliance with the Wyoming Administrative Procedure Act, the secretary
of state, by rule adopted or order issued under this act, may revoke the
designation of a securities exchange under this paragraph, if the
secretary of state finds that revocation is necessary or appropriate in
the public interest and for the protection of investors.

17‑4‑203.  Intrastate crowdfunding exemption.

(a)  Except as otherwise provided in this act, an offer or sale of a
security by an issuer is exempt from the requirements of W.S. 17‑4‑301
through 17‑4‑306 and 17‑4‑504 if the offer or sale meets all of the
following requirements:

(i)  The issuer of the security is an entity that is incorporated or
organized under the laws of this state and is authorized to do business
in this state;

(ii)  The transaction meets the requirements for the federal exemption
for intrastate offerings under section 3(a)(11) of the Securities Act of
1933, (15 U.S.C. 77c(a)(11)), and securities and exchange commission
rule 147, (17 C.F.R. 230.147), including, but not limited to, the
requirements for determining whether an offeree or purchaser is a
resident of this state. All of the following apply concerning these
requirements:

(A)  Each of the following is prima facie evidence that an individual is
a resident of this state:

(I)  A valid operator's license, chauffeur's license, or official
personal identification card issued by this state;

(II)  A current Wyoming voter registration;

(III)  Is a resident of this state as defined by W.S. 22‑1‑102(a)(xxx);
or

(IV)  Any other record or documents issued by this state that
establishes that the purchaser's principal residence is in this state.

(B)  The provisions of securities and exchange commission rule 147, (17
C.F.R. 230.147), apply in determining the residency of an offeree or
purchaser that is a corporation, partnership, trust, or other form of
business organization;

(C)  If a purchaser of a security that is exempt under this section
resells that security within nine (9) months after the closing of the
particular offering in which the purchaser obtained that security to a
person that is not a resident of this state, the original investment
agreement between the issuer and the purchaser is void. If an agreement
to purchase, or the purchase of, a security is void under this
subparagraph, the issuer may recover damages from the misrepresenting
offeree or purchaser. These damages include, but are not limited to, the
issuer's expenses in resolving the misrepresentation. However, damages
described in this subparagraph shall not exceed the amount of the
person's investment in the security.

(iii)  The sum of all cash and other consideration to be received for
all sales of the security in reliance on this exemption does not exceed
the following amounts:

(A)  One million dollars (\$1,000,000.00), less the aggregate amount
received for all sales of securities by the issuer within the twelve
(12) months before the first offer or sale made in reliance on this
exemption, if the issuer has not made available to each prospective
purchaser and the secretary of state audited financial statements or
reviewed financial statements for the issuer's most recently completed
fiscal year, prepared by a certified public accountant, holding a
certificate pursuant to W.S. 33‑3‑109, in accordance with the statements
on auditing standards of the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants or the statements on standards for accounting and review
services of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, as
applicable;

(B)  Two million dollars (\$2,000,000.00), less the aggregate amount
received for all sales of securities by the issuer within the twelve
(12) months before the first offer or sale made in reliance on this
exemption, if the issuer has made available to each prospective
purchaser and the secretary of state audited financial statements or
reviewed financial statements for the issuer's most recently completed
fiscal year, prepared by a certified public accountant, holding a
certificate pursuant to W.S. 33‑3‑109, in accordance with the statements
on auditing standards of the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants or the statements on standards for accounting and review
services of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, as
applicable.

(iv)  The issuer has not accepted more than five thousand dollars
(\$5,000.00) from any single purchaser unless the purchaser is an
accredited investor as defined by rule 501 of securities and exchange
commission regulation D, (17 C.F.R. 230.501). The issuer may rely on
confirmation that the purchaser is an accredited investor from a
licensed broker‑dealer or another third party in making a determination
that the purchaser is an accredited investor;

(v)  At least ten (10) days before an offer of securities is made in
reliance on this exemption or the use of any publicly available website
in connection with an offering of securities in reliance on this
exemption, the issuer files a notice with the secretary of state, in
writing or in electronic form as specified by the secretary of state,
that contains all of the following:

(A)  A notice of claim of exemption from registration, specifying that
the issuer intends to conduct an offering in reliance on this exemption,
accompanied by the filing fee specified in this section;

(B)  A copy of the disclosure statement to be provided to prospective
investors in connection with the offering. The disclosure statement must
contain all of the following:

(I)  A description of the issuer, including its type of entity, the
address and telephone number of its principal office, its formation
history, its business plan, and the intended use of the offering
proceeds, including any amounts to be paid, as compensation or
otherwise, to any owner, executive officer, director, managing member,
or other person occupying a similar status or performing similar
functions on behalf of the issuer;

(II)  The identity of each person that owns more than ten percent (10%)
of the ownership interests of any class of securities of the issuer;

(III)  The identity of the executive officers, directors, and managing
members of the issuer, and any other individuals who occupy similar
status or perform similar functions in the name of and on behalf of the
issuer, including their titles and their prior experience;

(IV)  The terms and conditions of the securities being offered and of
any outstanding securities of the issuer, the minimum and maximum amount
of securities being offered, if any, and either the percentage ownership
of the issuer represented by the offered securities or the valuation of
the issuer implied by the price of the offered securities;

(V)  The identity of any person that the issuer has or intends to retain
to assist the issuer in conducting the offering and sale of the
securities, including the owner of any websites, if known, but excluding
any person acting solely as an accountant or attorney and any employees
whose primary job responsibilities involve the operating business of the
issuer rather than assisting the issuer in raising capital, and for each
person identified in response to this subdivision, a description of the
consideration being paid to that person for that assistance;

(VI)  A description of any litigation or legal proceedings involving the
issuer or its management;

(VII)  The name and address of any website that the issuer intends to
use in connection with the offering, including its uniform resource
locator (URL). If the issuer has not engaged a website described in this
subdivision at the time the issuer files the disclosure statement
described in this subparagraph with the secretary of state under this
paragraph but subsequently does engage a website for use in connection
with the offering, the issuer shall provide the information described in
this subdivision to the secretary of state by filing a supplemental
notice.

(C)  An escrow agreement with a bank or other depository institution
located in this state, in which the purchaser funds will be deposited,
that provides that all offering proceeds will be released to the issuer
only when the aggregate capital raised from all purchasers is equal to
or greater than the minimum target offering amount specified in the
disclosure statement as necessary to implement the business plan and
that all purchasers will receive a return of their subscription funds if
that target offering amount is not raised by the time stated in the
disclosure statement. The bank or other depository institution may
contract with the issuer to collect reasonable fees for its escrow
services regardless of whether the target offering amount is reached.

(vi)  The issuer is not, either before or as a result of the offering,
an investment company, as defined in section 3 of the Investment Company
Act of 1940, (15 U.S.C. § 80a‑3), or an entity that would be an
investment company but for the exclusions provided in subsection (c) of
that section, or subject to the reporting requirements of section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, (15 U.S.C. §§ 78m and
78o(d));

(vii)  The issuer informs each prospective purchaser that the securities
are not registered under federal or state securities laws and that the
securities are subject to limitations on transfer or resale and displays
the following legend conspicuously on the cover page of the disclosure
statement:

"IN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION, PURCHASERS MUST RELY ON THEIR OWN
EXAMINATION OF THE ISSUER AND THE TERMS OF THE OFFERING, INCLUDING THE
MERITS AND RISKS INVOLVED. THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN RECOMMENDED BY
ANY FEDERAL OR STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION OR REGULATORY AUTHORITY.
FURTHERMORE, THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES HAVE NOT CONFIRMED THE ACCURACY
OR DETERMINED THE ADEQUACY OF THIS DOCUMENT. ANY REPRESENTATION TO THE
CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENSE. THESE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO
RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED OR
RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED BY SUBSECTION (E) OF SEC RULE 147, (17 C.F.R.
230.147(E)), AS PROMULGATED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS
AMENDED, AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO
REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION THEREFROM. PURCHASERS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT
THEY WILL BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR
AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME.".

(viii)  The issuer requires each purchaser to certify in writing, and to
include as part of that certification his signature, and his initials
next to each paragraph of the certification, as follows:

"I understand and acknowledge that:

I am investing in a high‑risk, speculative business venture. I may lose
all of my investment, and I can afford the loss of my investment. This
offering has not been reviewed or approved by any state or federal
securities commission or other regulatory authority and that no
regulatory authority has confirmed the accuracy or determined the
adequacy of any disclosure made to me relating to this offering.

The securities I am acquiring in this offering are illiquid, that the
securities are subject to possible dilution, that there is no ready
market for the sale of those securities, that it may be difficult or
impossible for me to sell or otherwise dispose of this investment, and
that, accordingly, I may be required to hold this investment
indefinitely.

I may be subject to tax on my share of the taxable income and losses of
the issuer, whether or not I have sold or otherwise disposed of my
investment or received any dividends or other distributions from the
issuer.

By entering into this transaction with the issuer, I am affirmatively
representing myself as being a Wyoming resident at the time that this
contract is formed, and if this representation is subsequently shown to
be false, the contract is void.

If I resell any of the securities I am acquiring in this offering to a
person that is not a Wyoming resident, within nine (9) months after the
closing of the offering, my contract with the issuer for the purchase of
these securities is void.".

(ix)  If the offer and sale of securities under this section is made
through an internet website, all of the following requirements must be
met:

(A)  Before any offer of an investment opportunity to residents of this
state through the use of a website, the issuer provides to the website
and to the secretary of state evidence that the issuer is organized
under the laws of this state and that it is authorized to do business in
this state;

(B)  The issuer obtains from each purchaser of a security under this
section evidence that the purchaser is a resident of this state and, if
applicable, an accredited investor;

(C)  The website operator files a written notice with the secretary of
state that includes the website operator's name, business address, and
contact information and states that it is authorized to do business in
this state and is being utilized to offer and sell securities under this
exemption. Beginning twelve (12) months after the date of the written
notice, a website operator that has filed a written notice under this
subparagraph shall annually notify the secretary of state in writing of
any changes in the information provided to the secretary of state under
this subparagraph and shall pay a renewal fee;

(D)  The issuer and the website keep and maintain records of the offers
and sales of securities made through the website and provide ready
access to the records to the secretary of state on request. The
secretary of state may access, inspect, and review any website described
in this paragraph and its records.

(x)  All payments for the purchase of securities are directed to and
held by the bank or depository institution subject to the provisions of
subparagraph (v)(C) of this subsection;

(xi)  Offers or sales of a security are not made through an internet
website unless the website has filed the written notice required under
subparagraph (ix)(C) of this subsection with the secretary of state;

(xii)  The issuer does not pay, directly or indirectly, any commission
or remuneration to an executive officer, director, managing member, or
other individual who has a similar status or performs similar functions
in the name of and on behalf of the issuer for offering or selling the
securities unless he or she is registered as a broker‑dealer, investment
adviser, or investment adviser representative under article 4 of this
act. An executive officer, director, managing member, or other
individual who has a similar status or performs similar functions in the
name of and on behalf of the issuer is exempt from the registration
requirements under article 4 of this act if he or she does not receive,
directly or indirectly, any commission or remuneration for offering or
selling securities of the issuer that are exempt from registration under
this section;

(xiii)  The issuer provides a copy of the disclosure statement provided
to the secretary of state under subparagraph (v)(B) of this subsection
to each prospective purchaser at the time the offer of securities is
made to the prospective purchaser. In addition to the information
described in subparagraph (v)(B) of this subsection, the disclosure
statement provided to the secretary of state and to prospective
purchasers shall include additional information material to the
offering, including, where appropriate, a discussion of significant
factors that make the offering speculative or risky. This discussion
must be concise and organized logically and should not present risks
that could apply to any issuer or any offering;

(xiv)  The term of the offering does not exceed twelve (12) months after
the date of the first offer.

(b)  If the offer and sale of a security of an issuer is exempt under
this section, the issuer shall provide a quarterly report to the
issuer's purchasers until none of the securities issued under this
section are outstanding. All of the following apply to the quarterly
report described in this subsection:

(i)  The issuer shall provide the report free of charge to the
purchasers;

(ii)  An issuer may satisfy the report requirement under this subsection
by making the information available on an internet website if the
information is made available within forty‑five (45) days after the end
of each fiscal quarter and remains available until the next quarterly
report is issued;

(iii)  The issuer shall file each report with the secretary of state and
must provide a written copy of the report to any purchaser on request;

(iv)  The report must include all of the following:

(A)  The compensation received by each director and executive officer of
the issuer, including cash compensation earned since the previous report
and on an annual basis and any bonuses, stock options, other rights to
receive securities of the issuer or any affiliate of the issuer, or
other compensation received;

(B)  An analysis by management of the issuer of the business operations
and financial condition of the issuer.

(c)  The exemption provided in this section shall not be used in
conjunction with any other exemption under this article, except offers
and sales to controlling persons shall not count toward the limitation
in paragraph (a)(iii) of this section.

(d)  The exemption described in this section does not apply if an issuer
or person that is affiliated with the issuer or offering is subject to
any disqualification established by the secretary of state by rule or
contained in rule 262 as promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933,
(17 C.F.R. 230.262). However, this subsection does not apply if both of
the following are met:

(i)  On a showing of good cause and without prejudice to any other
action by the secretary of state, the secretary of state determines that
it is not necessary under the circumstances that an exemption be denied;
and

(ii)  The issuer establishes that it made factual inquiry into whether
any disqualification existed under this subsection but did not know, and
in the exercise of reasonable care could not have known, that a
disqualification existed under this subsection. The nature and scope of
the requisite inquiry will vary based on the circumstances of the issuer
and the other offering participants.

(e)  The secretary of state may adopt rules to implement the provisions
of this section and to protect purchasers that purchase securities that
are exempt from registration under this section.

(f)  The secretary of state shall charge a nonrefundable filing fee for
filing an exemption notice required under subsection (a) of this section
according to the following conditions:

(i)  If the offering is being made by the issuer the filing fee is two
hundred dollars (\$200.00);

(ii)  Internet websites filing written notice shall pay a filing fee of
one hundred dollars (\$100.00), for a period of twelve (12) consecutive
months following the date of written notice. Internet websites may file
renewal notices every twelve (12) months accompanied by a one hundred
dollar (\$100.00) renewal fee.

(g)  A website through which an offer or sale of securities under this
section is made is not subject to the broker‑dealer, investment adviser,
or investment adviser representative registration requirements under
article 4 of this act if the website meets all of the following
conditions:

(i)  It does not offer investment advice or recommendations;

(ii)  It does not solicit purchases, sales, or offers to buy the
securities offered or displayed on the website;

(iii)  It does not compensate employees, agents, or other persons for
the solicitation or based on the sale of securities displayed or
referenced on the website;

(iv)  It does not hold, manage, possess, or otherwise handle purchaser
funds or securities;

(v)  It does not engage in any other activities that the secretary of
state by rule determines are inappropriate for an exemption from the
registration requirements under article 4 of this act.

(h)  Except for W.S. 17‑4‑504, article 5 of this act applies to a
violation of this section, including a violation concerning website
operation.

(j)  As used in this section, "controlling person" means an officer,
director, partner, or trustee, or another individual who has similar
status or performs similar functions, of or for the issuer or to a
person that owns ten percent (10%) or more of the outstanding shares of
any class or classes of securities of the issuer.

(k)  The exemption described in this section may be referred to as the
"Wyoming Invests Now (WIN) exemption".

17‑4‑204.  Additional exemptions and waivers.

A rule adopted or order issued under this act may exempt a security,
transaction, or offer; a rule under this act may exempt a class of
securities, transactions, or offers from any or all of the requirements
of W.S. 17‑4‑301 through 17‑4‑306 and 17‑4‑504; and an order under this
act may waive, in whole or in part, any or all of the conditions for an
exemption or offer under W.S. 17‑4‑201 through 17‑4‑203.

17‑4‑205.  Denial, suspension, revocation, condition, or limitation of
exemptions.

(a)  Except with respect to a federal covered security or a transaction
involving a federal covered security, an order under this act may deny,
suspend application of, condition, limit, or revoke an exemption created
under W.S. 17‑4‑201(a)(iii)(C), (vii) or (viii), or 17‑4‑202 and
17‑4‑203, or an exemption or waiver created under W.S. 17‑4‑204 with
respect to a specific security, transaction, or offer. An order under
this section may be issued only pursuant to the procedures in W.S.
17‑4‑306(d) or 17‑4‑604 and only prospectively.

(b)  A person does not violate W.S. 17‑4‑301, 17‑4‑303 through 17‑4‑306,
17‑4‑504, or 17‑4‑510 by an offer to sell, offer to purchase, sale, or
purchase effected after the entry of an order issued under this section
if the person did not know, and in the exercise of reasonable care could
not have known, of the order.

ARTICLE 3

REGISTRATION OF SECURITIES AND NOTICE FILING OF FEDERAL COVERED
SECURITIES

17‑4‑301.  Securities registration requirement.

(a)  It is unlawful for a person to offer or sell a security in this
state unless:

(i)  The security is a federal covered security;

(ii)  The security, transaction, or offer is exempted from registration
under W.S. 17‑4‑201 through 17‑4‑204; or

(iii)  The security is registered under this act.

17‑4‑302.  Notice filing.

(a)  With respect to a federal covered security, as defined in section
18(b)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. § 77r(b)(2)), that is
not otherwise exempt under W.S. 17‑4‑201 through 17‑4‑204, a rule
adopted or order issued under this act may require the filing of any or
all of the following records:

(i)  Before the initial offer of a federal covered security in this
state, all records that are part of a federal registration statement
filed with the securities and exchange commission under the Securities
Act of 1933 and a consent to service of process complying with W.S.
17‑4‑611 signed by the issuer and the payment of a fee of two hundred
dollars (\$200.00); 

(ii)  After the initial offer of the federal covered security in this
state, all records that are part of an amendment to a federal
registration statement filed with the securities and exchange commission
under the Securities Act of 1933; and

(iii)  To the extent necessary or appropriate to compute fees, a report
of the value of the federal covered securities sold or offered to
persons present in this state, if the sales data are not included in
records filed with the securities and exchange commission and payment of
a fee as set by rule.

(b)  A notice filing under subsection (a) of this section is effective
for two (2) years commencing on the later of the notice filing or the
effectiveness of the offering filed with the securities and exchange
commission. On or before expiration, the issuer may renew a notice
filing by filing a copy of those records filed by the issuer with the
securities and exchange commission that are required by rule or order
under this act to be filed and by paying a renewal fee as set by rule. A
previously filed consent to service of process complying with W.S.
17‑4‑611 may be incorporated by reference in a renewal. A renewed notice
filing becomes effective upon the expiration of the filing being
renewed.

(c)  With respect to a security that is a federal covered security under
section 18(b)(4)(D) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. §
77r(b)(4)(D)), a rule under this act may require a notice filing by or
on behalf of an issuer to include a copy of Form D, including the
appendix, as promulgated by the securities and exchange commission, and
a consent to service of process complying with W.S. 17‑4‑611 signed by
the issuer not later than fifteen (15) days after the first sale of the
federal covered security in this state and the payment of a fee as set
by rule; and the payment of a fee for any late filing as set by rule.

(d)  Except with respect to a federal security under section 18(b)(1) of
the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. § 77r(b)(1)), if the secretary of
state finds that there is a failure to comply with a notice or fee
requirement of this section, the secretary of state may issue a stop
order suspending the offer and sale of a federal covered security in
this state. If the deficiency is corrected, the stop order is void as of
the time of its issuance and no penalty may be imposed by the secretary
of state.

17‑4‑303.  Securities registration by coordination.

(a)  A security for which a registration statement has been filed under
the Securities Act of 1933 in connection with the same offering may be
registered by coordination under this section.

(b)  A registration statement and accompanying records under this
section must contain or be accompanied by the following records in
addition to the information specified in W.S. 17‑4‑305 and a consent to
service of process complying with W.S. 17‑4‑611:

(i)  A copy of the latest form of prospectus filed under the Securities
Act of 1933;

(ii)  A copy of the articles of incorporation and bylaws or their
substantial equivalents currently in effect; a copy of any agreement
with or among underwriters; a copy of any indenture or other instrument
governing the issuance of the security to be registered; and a specimen,
copy, or description of the security that is required by rule adopted or
order issued under this act;

(iii)  Copies of any other information or any other records filed by the
issuer under the Securities Act of 1933 requested by the secretary of
state; and

(iv)  An undertaking to forward each amendment to the federal
prospectus, other than an amendment that delays the effective date of
the registration statement, promptly after it is filed with the
securities and exchange commission.

(c)  A registration statement under this section becomes effective
simultaneously with or subsequent to the federal registration statement
when all the following conditions are satisfied:

(i)  A stop order under subsection (d) of this section or W.S. 17‑4‑306
or issued by the securities and exchange commission is not in effect and
a proceeding is not pending against the issuer under W.S. 17‑4‑306; and

(ii)  The registration statement has been on file for at least twenty
(20) days or a shorter period provided by rule adopted or order issued
under this act.

(d)  The registrant shall promptly notify the secretary of state in a
record of the date when the federal registration statement becomes
effective and the content of any price amendment and shall promptly file
a record containing the price amendment. If the notice is not timely
received, the secretary of state may issue a stop order, without prior
notice or hearing, retroactively denying effectiveness to the
registration statement or suspending its effectiveness until compliance
with this section. The secretary of state shall promptly notify the
registrant of an order by telegram, telephone, or electronic means and
promptly confirm this notice by a record. If the registrant subsequently
complies with the notice requirements of this section, the stop order is
void as of the date of its issuance.

(e)  If the federal registration statement becomes effective before each
of the conditions in this section is satisfied or is waived by the
secretary of state, the registration statement is automatically
effective under this act when all the conditions are satisfied or
waived. If the registrant notifies the secretary of state of the date
when the federal registration statement is expected to become effective,
the secretary of state shall promptly notify the registrant by telegram,
telephone, or electronic means and promptly confirm this notice by a
record, indicating whether all the conditions are satisfied or waived
and whether the secretary of state intends the institution of a
proceeding under W.S. 17‑4‑306. The notice by the secretary of state
does not preclude the institution of such a proceeding.

17‑4‑304.  Securities registration by qualification.

(a)  A security may be registered by qualification under this section.

(b)  A registration statement under this section must contain the
information or records specified in W.S. 17‑4‑305, a consent to service
of process complying with W.S. 17‑4‑611, and, if required by rule
adopted under this act, the following information or records:

(i)  With respect to the issuer and any significant subsidiary, its
name, address, and form of organization; the state or foreign
jurisdiction and date of its organization; the general character and
location of its business; a description of its physical properties and
equipment; and a statement of the general competitive conditions in the
industry or business in which it is or will be engaged;

(ii)  With respect to each director and officer of the issuer, and other
person having a similar status or performing similar functions, the
person's name, address, and principal occupation for the previous five
(5) years; the amount of securities of the issuer held by the person as
of the thirtieth day before the filing of the registration statement;
the amount of the securities covered by the registration statement to
which the person has indicated an intention to subscribe; and a
description of any material interest of the person in any material
transaction with the issuer or a significant subsidiary effected within
the previous three (3) years or proposed to be effected;

(iii)  With respect to persons covered by paragraph (ii) of this
subsection, the aggregate sum of the remuneration paid to those persons
during the previous twelve (12) months and estimated to be paid during
the next twelve (12) months, directly or indirectly, by the issuer, and
all predecessors, parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates of the issuer;

(iv)  With respect to a person owning of record or owning beneficially,
if known, ten percent (10%) or more of the outstanding shares of any
class of equity security of the issuer, the information specified in
paragraph (ii) of this subsection other than the person's occupation;

(v)  With respect to a promoter, if the issuer was organized within the
previous three (3) years, the information or records specified in
paragraph (ii) of this subsection, any amount paid to the promoter
within that period or intended to be paid to the promoter, and the
consideration for the payment;

(vi)  With respect to a person on whose behalf any part of the offering
is to be made in a nonissuer distribution, the person's name and
address; the amount of securities of the issuer held by the person as of
the date of the filing of the registration statement; a description of
any material interest of the person in any material transaction with the
issuer or any significant subsidiary effected within the previous three
(3) years or proposed to be effected; and a statement of the reasons for
making the offering;

(vii)  The capitalization and long term debt, on both a current and pro
forma basis, of the issuer and any significant subsidiary, including a
description of each security outstanding or being registered or
otherwise offered, and a statement of the amount and kind of
consideration, whether in the form of cash, physical assets, services,
patents, goodwill, or anything else of value, for which the issuer or
any subsidiary has issued its securities within the previous two (2)
years or is obligated to issue its securities;

(viii)  The kind and amount of securities to be offered; the proposed
offering price or the method by which it is to be computed; any
variation at which a proportion of the offering is to be made to a
person or class of persons other than the underwriters, with a
specification of the person or class; the basis on which the offering is
to be made if otherwise than for cash; the estimated aggregate
underwriting and selling discounts or commissions and finders' fees,
including separately cash, securities, contracts, or anything else of
value to accrue to the underwriters or finders in connection with the
offering or, if the selling discounts or commissions are variable, the
basis of determining them and their maximum and minimum amounts; the
estimated amounts of other selling expenses, including legal,
engineering, and accounting charges; the name and address of each
underwriter and each recipient of a finder's fee; a copy of any
underwriting or selling group agreement under which the distribution is
to be made or the proposed form of any such agreement whose terms have
not yet been determined; and a description of the plan of distribution
of any securities that are to be offered otherwise than through an
underwriter;

(ix)  The estimated monetary proceeds to be received by the issuer from
the offering; the purposes for which the proceeds are to be used by the
issuer; the estimated amount to be used for each purpose; the order or
priority in which the proceeds will be used for the purposes stated; the
amounts of any funds to be raised from other sources to achieve the
purposes stated; the sources of the funds; and, if a part of the
proceeds is to be used to acquire property, including goodwill,
otherwise than in the ordinary course of business, the names and
addresses of the vendors, the purchase price, the names of any persons
that have received commissions in connection with the acquisition, and
the amounts of the commissions and other expenses in connection with the
acquisition, including the cost of borrowing money to finance the
acquisition;

(x)  A description of any stock options or other security options
outstanding, or to be created in connection with the offering, and the
amount of those options held or to be held by each person required to be
named in paragraph (ii), (iv), (v), (vi), or (viii) of this subsection
and by any person that holds or will hold ten percent (10%) or more in
the aggregate of those options;

(xi)  The dates of, parties to, and general effect concisely stated of
each managerial or other material contract made or to be made otherwise
than in the ordinary course of business to be performed in whole or in
part at or after the filing of the registration statement or that was
made within the previous two (2) years, and a copy of the contract;

(xii)  A description of any pending litigation, action, or proceeding to
which the issuer is a party and that materially affects its business or
assets, and any litigation, action, or proceeding known to be
contemplated by governmental authorities;

(xiii)  A copy of any prospectus, pamphlet, circular, form letter,
advertisement, or other sales literature intended as of the effective
date to be used in connection with the offering and any solicitation of
interest used in compliance with W.S. 17‑4‑202(a)(xvii)(B);

(xiv)  A specimen or copy of the security being registered, unless the
security is uncertificated; a copy of the issuer's articles of
incorporation and bylaws or their substantial equivalents, in effect;
and a copy of any indenture or other instrument covering the security to
be registered;

(xv)  A signed or conformed copy of an opinion of counsel concerning the
legality of the security being registered, with an English translation
if it is in a language other than English, which states whether the
security when sold will be validly issued, fully paid, and nonassessable
and, if a debt security, a binding obligation of the issuer;

(xvi)  A signed or conformed copy of a consent of any accountant,
engineer, appraiser, or other person whose profession gives authority
for a statement made by the person, if the person is named as having
prepared or certified a report or valuation, other than an official
record, that is public, which is used in connection with the
registration statement;

(xvii)  A balance sheet of the issuer as of a date within four (4)
months before the filing of the registration statement; a statement of
income and a statement of cash flows for each of the three (3) fiscal
years preceding the date of the balance sheet and for any period between
the close of the immediately previous fiscal year and the date of the
balance sheet, or for the period of the issuer's and any predecessor's
existence if less than three (3) years; and, if any part of the proceeds
of the offering is to be applied to the purchase of a business, the
financial statements that would be required if that business were the
registrant; and

(xviii)  Any additional information or records required by rule adopted
or order issued under this act.

(c)  A registration statement under this section becomes effective when
the secretary of state so orders.

(d)  A rule adopted or order issued under this act may require as a
condition of registration under this section that a prospectus
containing a specified part of the information or record specified in
subsection (b) of this section be sent or given to each person to which
an offer is made, before or concurrently, with the earliest of:

(i)  The first offer made in a record to the person otherwise than by
means of a public advertisement, by or for the account of the issuer or
another person on whose behalf the offering is being made or by an
underwriter or broker‑dealer that is offering part of an unsold
allotment or subscription taken by the person as a participant in the
distribution;

(ii)  The confirmation of a sale made by or for the account of the
person;

(iii)  Payment pursuant to such a sale; or

(iv)  Delivery of the security pursuant to such a sale.

17‑4‑305.  Securities registration filings.

(a)  A registration statement may be filed by the issuer, a person on
whose behalf the offering is to be made, or a broker‑dealer registered
under this act.

(b)  A person filing a registration statement shall pay a filing fee of
one‑fiftieth of one percent (.0002) of the total dollar offering amount
to be offered in this state, but the fee shall in no case be less than
two hundred dollars (\$200.00) nor more than six hundred dollars
(\$600.00) when filing an initial registration statement or renewing a
previously filed registration statement. If a registration statement is
withdrawn before the effective date or a preeffective stop order is
issued under W.S. 17‑4‑306 the secretary of state shall retain one
hundred dollars (\$100.00) of the fee.

(c)  A registration statement filed under W.S. 17‑4‑303 or 17‑4‑304 must
specify:

(i)  The amount of securities to be offered in this state;

(ii)  The states in which a registration statement or similar record in
connection with the offering has been or is to be filed; and

(iii)  Any adverse order, judgment, or decree issued in connection with
the offering by a state securities regulator, the securities and
exchange commission, or a court.

(d)  A record filed under this act or the predecessor act within five
(5) years preceding the filing of a registration statement may be
incorporated by reference in the registration statement to the extent
that the record is currently accurate.

(e)  In the case of a nonissuer distribution, information or a record
may not be required under subsection (j) of this section or W.S.
17‑4‑304, unless it is known to the person filing the registration
statement or to the person on whose behalf the distribution is to be
made or unless it can be furnished by those persons without unreasonable
effort or expense.

(f)  A rule adopted or order issued under this act may require as a
condition of registration that a security issued within the previous
five (5) years or to be issued to a promoter for a consideration
substantially less than the public offering price or to a person for a
consideration other than cash be deposited in escrow; and that the
proceeds from the sale of the registered security in this state be
impounded until the issuer receives a specified amount from the sale of
the security either in this state or elsewhere. The conditions of any
escrow or impoundment required under this subsection may be established
by rule adopted or order issued under this act, but the secretary of
state may not reject a depository institution solely because of its
location in another state.

(g)  A rule adopted or order issued under this act may require as a
condition of registration that a security registered under this act be
sold only on a specified form of subscription or sale contract and that
a signed or conformed copy of each contract be filed under this act or
preserved for a period specified by the rule or order, which may not be
longer than five (5) years.

(h)  Except while a stop order is in effect under W.S. 17‑4‑306, a
registration statement is effective for one (1) year after its effective
date, or for any longer period designated in an order under this act
during which the security is being offered or distributed in a
nonexempted transaction by or for the account of the issuer or other
person on whose behalf the offering is being made or by an underwriter
or broker‑dealer that is still offering part of an unsold allotment or
subscription taken as a participant in the distribution. For the
purposes of a nonissuer transaction, all outstanding securities of the
same class identified in the registration statement as a security
registered under this act are considered to be registered while the
registration statement is effective. If any securities of the same class
are outstanding, a registration statement may not be withdrawn until one
(1) year after its effective date. A registration statement may be
withdrawn only with the approval of the secretary of state.

(j)  While a registration statement is effective, a rule adopted or
order issued under this act may require the person that filed the
registration statement to file reports, not more often than quarterly,
to keep the information or other record in the registration statement
reasonably current and to disclose the progress of the offering.

(k)  A registration statement may be amended after its effective date.
The post effective amendment becomes effective when the secretary of
state so orders. If a post effective amendment is made to increase the
number of securities specified to be offered or sold, the person filing
the amendment shall pay a registration fee specified in subsection (b)
of this section. A post effective amendment relates back to the date of
the offering of the additional securities being registered if, within
one (1) year after the date of the sale, the amendment is filed and the
additional registration fee is paid.

17‑4‑306.  Denial, suspension, and revocation of securities
registration.

(a)  The secretary of state may issue a stop order denying effectiveness
to, or suspending or revoking the effectiveness of, a registration
statement if the secretary of state finds that the order is in the
public interest and that:

(i)  The registration statement as of its effective date or before the
effective date in the case of an order denying effectiveness, an
amendment under W.S. 17‑4‑305(k) as of its effective date, or a report
under W.S. 17‑4‑305(j), is incomplete in a material respect or contains
a statement that, in the light of the circumstances under which it was
made, was false or misleading with respect to a material fact;

(ii)  This act or a rule adopted or order issued under this act or a
condition imposed under this act has been willfully violated, in
connection with the offering, by the person filing the registration
statement; by the issuer, a partner, officer, or director of the issuer
or a person having a similar status or performing a similar function; a
promoter of the issuer; or a person directly or indirectly controlling
or controlled by the issuer; but only if the person filing the
registration statement is directly or indirectly controlled by or acting
for the issuer; or by an underwriter;

(iii)  The security registered or sought to be registered is the subject
of a permanent or temporary injunction of a court of competent
jurisdiction or an administrative stop order or similar order issued
under any federal, foreign, or state law other than this act applicable
to the offering, but the secretary of state may not institute a
proceeding against an effective registration statement under this
paragraph more than one (1) year after the date of the order or
injunction on which it is based, and the secretary of state may not
issue an order under this paragraph on the basis of an order or
injunction issued under the securities act of another state unless the
order or injunction was based on conduct that would constitute, as of
the date of the order, a ground for a stop order under this section;

(iv)  The issuer's enterprise or method of business includes or would
include activities that are unlawful where performed;

(v)  With respect to a security sought to be registered under W.S.
17‑4‑303, there has been a failure to comply with the undertaking
required by W.S. 17‑4‑303(b)(iv);

(vi)  The applicant or registrant has not paid the filing fee, but the
secretary of state shall void the order if the deficiency is corrected;
or

(vii)  The offering:

(A)  Will work or tend to work a fraud upon purchasers or would so
operate;

(B)  Has been or would be made with unreasonable amounts of
underwriters' and sellers' discounts, commissions, or other
compensation, or promoters' profits or participations, or unreasonable
amounts or kinds of options; or

(C)  Is being made on terms that are unfair, unjust, or inequitable.

(b)  To the extent practicable, the secretary of state by rule adopted
or order issued under this act shall publish standards that provide
notice of conduct that violates paragraph (a)(vii) of this section.

(c)  The secretary of state may not institute a stop order proceeding
against an effective registration statement on the basis of conduct or a
transaction known to the secretary of state when the registration
statement became effective unless the proceeding is instituted within
thirty (30) days after the registration statement became effective.

(d)  The secretary of state may summarily revoke, deny, postpone, or
suspend the effectiveness of a registration statement pending final
determination of an administrative proceeding. Upon the issuance of the
order, the secretary of state shall promptly notify each person
specified in subsection (e) of this section that the order has been
issued, the reasons for the revocation, denial, postponement, or
suspension, and that within fifteen (15) days after the receipt of a
request in a record from the person the matter will be scheduled for a
hearing. If a hearing is not requested and none is ordered by the
secretary of state, within thirty (30) days after the date of service of
the order, the order becomes final. If a hearing is requested or
ordered, the secretary of state, after notice of and opportunity for
hearing for each person subject to the order, may modify or vacate the
order or extend the order until final determination.

(e)  A stop order may not be issued under this section without:

(i)  Appropriate notice to the applicant or registrant, the issuer, and
the person on whose behalf the securities are to be or have been
offered;

(ii)  An opportunity for hearing; and

(iii)  Findings of fact and conclusions of law in a record in accordance
with the Wyoming Administrative Procedure Act.

(f)  The secretary of state may modify or vacate a stop order issued
under this section if the secretary of state finds that the conditions
that caused its issuance have changed or that it is necessary or
appropriate in the public interest or for the protection of investors.

17‑4‑307.  Waiver and modification.

The secretary of state may waive or modify, in whole or in part, any or
all of the requirements of W.S. 17‑4‑302, 17‑4‑303, and 17‑4‑304(b) or
the requirement of any information or record in a registration statement
or in a periodic report filed pursuant to W.S. 17‑4‑305(j).

ARTICLE 4

BROKER‑DEALERS, AGENTS, INVESTMENT ADVISERS, INVESTMENT ADVISER
REPRESENTATIVES, AND FEDERAL COVERED INVESTMENT ADVISERS

17‑4‑401.  Broker‑dealers registration requirement and exemptions.

(a)  It is unlawful for a person to transact business in this state as a
broker‑dealer unless the person is registered under this act as a
broker‑dealer or is exempt from registration as a broker‑dealer under
subsection (b) or (d) of this section.

(b)  The following persons are exempt from the registration requirement
of subsection (a) of this section:

(i)  A broker‑dealer without a place of business in this state if its
only transactions effected in this state are exclusively with or
through:

(A)  The issuer of the securities involved in the transactions;

(B)  A broker‑dealer registered as a broker‑dealer under this act or not
required to be registered as a broker‑dealer under this act;

(C)  An institutional investor;

(D)  A nonaffiliated federal covered investment adviser with investments
under management in excess of one hundred million dollars
(\$100,000,000.00) acting for the account of others pursuant to
discretionary authority in a signed record;

(E)  A bona fide preexisting customer whose principal place of residence
is not in this state and the person is registered as a broker‑dealer
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or not required to be
registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is registered
under the securities act of the state in which the customer maintains a
principal place of residence;

(F)  A bona fide preexisting customer whose principal place of residence
is in this state but was not present in this state when the customer
relationship was established, if:

(I)  The broker‑dealer is registered under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 or not required to be registered under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 and is registered under the securities laws of the state in
which the customer relationship was established and where the customer
had maintained a principal place of residence; and

(II)  Within forty‑five (45) days after the customer's first transaction
in this state, the person files an application for registration as a
broker‑dealer in this state and a further transaction is not effected
more than seventy‑five (75) days after the date on which the application
is filed, or, if earlier, the date on which the secretary of state
notifies the person that the secretary of state has denied the
application for registration or has stayed the pendency of the
application for good cause.

(G)  Not more than one (1) customer in this state during the previous
twelve (12) months, in addition to those customers specified in
subparagraphs (A) through (F) and under subparagraph (H) of this
paragraph, if the broker‑dealer is registered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 or not required to be registered under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and is registered under the securities
act of the state in which the broker‑dealer has its principal place of
business; and

(H)  Any other person exempted by rule adopted or order issued under
this act.

(ii)  A person that deals solely in United States government securities
and is supervised as a dealer in government securities by the board of
governors of the federal reserve system, the comptroller of the
currency, the federal deposit insurance corporation, or the office of
thrift supervision.

(c)  It is unlawful for a broker‑dealer, or for an issuer engaged in
offering, offering to purchase, purchasing, or selling securities in
this state, directly or indirectly, to employ or associate with an
individual to engage in an activity related to securities transactions
in this state if the registration of the individual is suspended or
revoked or the individual is barred from employment or association with
a broker‑dealer, an issuer, an investment adviser, or a federal covered
investment adviser by an order of the secretary of state under this act,
the securities and exchange commission, or a self‑regulatory
organization. A broker‑dealer or issuer does not violate this subsection
if the broker‑dealer or issuer did not know and in the exercise of
reasonable care could not have known, of the suspension, revocation, or
bar. Upon request from a broker‑dealer or issuer and for good cause, an
order under this act may modify or waive, in whole or in part, the
application of the prohibitions of this subsection to the broker‑dealer.

(d)  A rule adopted or order issued under this act may permit:

(i)  A broker‑dealer that is registered in Canada or other foreign
jurisdiction and that does not have a place of business in this state to
effect transactions in securities with or for, or attempt to effect the
purchase or sale of any securities by:

(A)  An individual from Canada or other foreign jurisdiction who is
temporarily present in this state and with whom the broker‑dealer had a
bona fide customer relationship before the individual entered the United
States;

(B)  An individual from Canada or other foreign jurisdiction who is
present in this state and whose transactions are in a self‑directed tax
advantaged retirement plan of which the individual is the holder or
contributor in that foreign jurisdiction; or

(C)  An individual who is present in this state, with whom the
broker‑dealer customer relationship arose while the individual was
temporarily or permanently resident in Canada or the other foreign
jurisdiction.

(ii)  An agent who represents a broker‑dealer that is exempt under this
subsection to effect transactions in securities or attempt to effect the
purchase or sale of securities in this state as permitted for a
broker‑dealer described in paragraph (i) of this subsection.

17‑4‑402.  Agent registration requirement and exemptions.

(a)  It is unlawful for an individual to transact business in this state
as an agent unless the individual is registered under this act as an
agent or is exempt from registration as an agent under subsection (b) of
this section.

(b)  The following individuals are exempt from the registration
requirement of subsection (a) of this section:

(i)  An individual who represents a broker‑dealer in effecting
transactions in this state limited to those described in section
15(h)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. § 78(o)(2));

(ii)  An individual who represents a broker‑dealer that is exempt under
W.S. 17‑4‑401(b) or (d);

(iii)  An individual who represents an issuer with respect to an offer
or sale of the issuer's own securities or those of the issuer's parent
or any of the issuer's subsidiaries, and who is not compensated in
connection with the individual's participation by the payment of
commissions or other remuneration based, directly or indirectly, on
transactions in those securities;

(iv)  An individual who represents an issuer and who effects
transactions in the issuer's securities exempted by W.S. 17‑4‑202, other
than W.S. 17‑4‑202(a)(xi) and (xiv);

(v)  An individual who represents an issuer that effects transactions
solely in federal covered securities of the issuer, but an individual
who effects transactions in a federal covered security under section
18(b)(3) or 18(b)(4)(D) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. §
77r(b)(3) or 77r(b)(4)(D)) is not exempt if the individual is
compensated in connection with the agent's participation by the payment
of commissions or other remuneration based, directly or indirectly, on
transactions in those securities;

(vi)  An individual who represents a broker‑dealer registered in this
state under W.S. 17‑4‑401(a) or exempt from registration under W.S.
17‑4‑401(b) in the offer and sale of securities for an account of a
nonaffiliated federal covered investment adviser with investments under
management in excess of one hundred million dollars (\$100,000,000.00)
acting for the account of others pursuant to discretionary authority in
a signed record;

(vii)  An individual who represents an issuer in connection with the
purchase of the issuer's own securities;

(viii)  An individual who represents an issuer and who restricts
participation to performing clerical or ministerial acts; or

(ix)  Any other individual exempted by rule adopted or order issued
under this act.

(c)  The registration of an agent is effective only while the agent is
employed by or associated with a broker‑dealer registered under this act
or an issuer that is offering, selling, or purchasing its securities in
this state.

(d)  It is unlawful for a broker‑dealer, or an issuer engaged in
offering, selling, or purchasing securities in this state, to employ or
associate with an agent who transacts business in this state on behalf
of broker‑dealers or issuers unless the agent is registered under
subsection (a) of this section or exempt from registration under
subsection (b) of this section.

17‑4‑403.  Investment adviser registration requirement.

(a)  It is unlawful for a person to transact business in this state as
an investment adviser unless the person is registered under this act as
an investment adviser or is exempt from registration as an investment
adviser under subsection (b) of this section.

(b)  The following persons are exempt from the registration requirement
of subsection (a) of this section:

(i)  A person without a place of business in this state that is
registered under the securities act of the state in which the person has
its principal place of business if its only clients in this state are:

(A)  Federal covered investment advisers, investment advisers registered
under this act, or broker‑dealers registered under this act;

(B)  Institutional investors;

(C)  Bona fide preexisting clients whose principal places of residence
are not in this state if the investment adviser is registered under the
securities act of the state in which the clients maintain principal
places of residence; or

(D)  Any other client exempted by rule adopted or order issued under
this act.

(ii)  A person without a place of business in this state if the person
has had, during the preceding twelve (12) months, not more than five (5)
clients that are resident in this state in addition to those specified
under paragraph (i) of this subsection; or

(iii)  Any other person exempted by rule adopted or order issued under
this act.

(c)  It is unlawful for an investment adviser, directly or indirectly,
to employ or associate with an individual to engage in an activity
related to investment advice in this state if the registration of the
individual is suspended or revoked or the individual is barred from
employment or association with an investment adviser, federal covered
investment adviser, or broker‑dealer by an order under this act, the
securities and exchange commission, or a self‑regulatory organization,
unless the investment adviser did not know, and in the exercise of
reasonable care could not have known, of the suspension, revocation, or
bar. Upon request from the investment adviser and for good cause, the
secretary of state, by order, may waive, in whole or in part, the
application of the prohibitions of this subsection to the investment
adviser.

(d)  It is unlawful for an investment adviser to employ or associate
with an individual required to be registered under this act as an
investment adviser representative who transacts business in this state
on behalf of the investment adviser unless the individual is registered
under W.S. 17‑4‑404(a) or is exempt from registration under W.S.
17‑4‑404(b).

17‑4‑404.  Investment adviser representative registration requirement
and exemptions.

(a)  It is unlawful for an individual to transact business in this state
as an investment adviser representative unless the individual is
registered under this act as an investment adviser representative or is
exempt from registration as an investment adviser representative under
subsection (b) of this section.

(b)  The following individuals are exempt from the registration
requirement of subsection (a) of this section:

(i)  An individual who is employed by or associated with an investment
adviser that is exempt from registration under W.S. 17‑4‑403(b) or a
federal covered investment adviser that is excluded from the notice
filing requirements of W.S. 17‑4‑405; and

(ii)  Any other individual exempted by rule adopted or order issued
under this act.

(c)  The registration of an investment adviser representative is not
effective while the investment adviser representative is not employed by
or associated with an investment adviser registered under this act or a
federal covered investment adviser that has made or is required to make
a notice filing under W.S. 17‑4‑405.

(d)  An individual may transact business as an investment adviser
representative for more than one (1) investment adviser or federal
covered investment adviser unless a rule adopted or order issued under
this act prohibits or limits an individual from acting as an investment
adviser representative for more than one (1) investment adviser or
federal covered investment adviser.

(e)  It is unlawful for an individual acting as an investment adviser
representative, directly or indirectly, to conduct business in this
state on behalf of an investment adviser or a federal covered investment
adviser if the registration of the individual as an investment adviser
representative is suspended or revoked or the individual is barred from
employment or association with an investment adviser or a federal
covered investment adviser by an order under this act, the securities
and exchange commission, or a self‑regulatory organization. Upon request
from a federal covered investment adviser and for good cause, the
secretary of state, by order issued, may waive, in whole or in part, the
application of the requirements of this subsection to the federal
covered investment adviser.

(f)  An investment adviser registered under this act, a federal covered
investment adviser that has filed a notice under W.S. 17‑4‑405, or a
broker‑dealer registered under this act is not required to employ or
associate with an individual as an investment adviser representative if
the only compensation paid to the individual for a referral of
investment advisory clients is paid to an investment adviser registered
under this act, a federal covered investment adviser who has filed a
notice under W.S. 17‑4‑405, or a broker‑dealer registered under this act
with which the individual is employed or associated as an investment
adviser representative.

17‑4‑405.  Federal covered investment adviser notice filing requirement.

(a)  Except with respect to a federal covered investment adviser
described in subsection (b) of this section, it is unlawful for a
federal covered investment adviser to transact business in this state as
a federal covered investment adviser unless the federal covered
investment adviser complies with subsection (c) of this section.

(b)  The following federal covered investment advisers are not required
to comply with subsection (c) of this section:

(i)  A federal covered investment adviser without a place of business in
this state if its only clients in this state are:

(A)  Federal covered investment advisers, investment advisers registered
under this act, and broker‑dealers registered under this act;

(B)  Institutional investors;

(C)  Bona fide preexisting clients whose principal places of residence
are not in this state; or

(D)  Other clients specified by rule adopted or order issued under this
act.

(ii)  A federal covered investment adviser without a place of business
in this state if the person has had, during the preceding twelve (12)
months, not more than five (5) clients that are resident in this state
in addition to those specified under paragraph (i) of this subsection;
and

(iii)  Any other person excluded by rule adopted or order issued under
this act.

(c)  A person acting as a federal covered investment adviser, not
excluded under subsection (b) of this section, shall file a notice, a
consent to service of process complying with W.S. 17‑4‑611, and such
records as have been filed with the securities and exchange commission
under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 required by rule adopted or
order issued under this act and pay the fees specified in W.S.
17‑4‑410(e).

(d)  The notice under subsection (c) of this section becomes effective
upon its filing.

17‑4‑406.  Registration by broker‑dealer, agent, investment adviser, and
investment adviser representative.

(a)  A person shall register as a broker‑dealer, agent, investment
adviser, or investment adviser representative by filing an application
and a consent to service of process complying with W.S. 17‑4‑611, and
paying the fee specified in W.S. 17‑4‑410 and any reasonable fees
charged by the designee of the secretary of state for processing the
filing. The application must contain:

(i)  The information or record required for the filing of a uniform
application; and

(ii)  Upon request by the secretary of state, any other financial or
other information or record that the secretary of state determines is
appropriate.

(b)  If the information or record contained in an application filed
under subsection (a) of this section is or becomes inaccurate or
incomplete in a material respect, the registrant shall promptly file a
correcting amendment.

(c)  If an order is not in effect and a proceeding is not pending under
W.S. 17‑4‑412, registration becomes effective at noon on the forty‑fifth
day after a completed application is filed, unless the registration is
denied. A rule adopted or order issued under this act may set an earlier
effective date or may defer the effective date until noon on the
forty‑fifth day after the filing of any amendment completing the
application.

(d)  A registration is effective until midnight on December 31 of the
year for which the application for registration is filed. Unless an
order is in effect under W.S. 17‑4‑412, a registration may be
automatically renewed each year by filing such records as are required
by rule adopted or order issued under this act, by paying the fee
specified in W.S. 17‑4‑410, and by paying costs charged by the designee
of the secretary of state for processing the filings.

(e)  A rule adopted or order issued under this act may impose such other
conditions, not inconsistent with the National Securities Markets
Improvement Act of 1996. An order issued under this act may waive, in
whole or in part, specific requirements in connection with registration
as are in the public interest and for the protection of investors.

17‑4‑407.  Succession and change in registration of broker‑dealer or
investment adviser.

(a)  A broker‑dealer or investment adviser may succeed to the current
registration of another broker‑dealer or investment adviser or a notice
filing of a federal covered investment adviser, and a federal covered
investment adviser may succeed to the current registration of an
investment adviser or notice filing of another federal covered
investment adviser, by filing as a successor an application for
registration pursuant to W.S. 17‑4‑401 or 17‑4‑403 or a notice pursuant
to W.S. 17‑4‑405 for the unexpired portion of the current registration
or notice filing.

(b)  A broker‑dealer or investment adviser that changes its form of
organization or state of incorporation or organization may continue its
registration by filing an amendment to its registration if the change
does not involve a material change in its financial condition or
management. The amendment becomes effective when filed or on a date
designated by the registrant in its filing. The new organization is a
successor to the original registrant for the purposes of this act. If
there is a material change in financial condition or management, the
broker‑dealer or investment adviser shall file a new application for
registration. A predecessor registered under this act shall stop
conducting its securities business other than winding down transactions
and shall file for withdrawal of broker‑dealer or investment adviser
registration within forty‑five (45) days after filing its amendment to
effect succession.

(c)  A broker‑dealer or investment adviser that changes its name may
continue its registration by filing an amendment to its registration.
The amendment becomes effective when filed or on a date designated by
the registrant.

(d)  A change of control of a broker‑dealer or investment adviser may be
made in accordance with a rule adopted or order issued under this act.

17‑4‑408.  Termination of employment or association of agent and
investment adviser representative and transfer of employment or
association.

(a)  If an agent registered under this act terminates employment by or
association with a broker‑dealer or issuer, or if an investment adviser
representative registered under this act terminates employment by or
association with an investment adviser or federal covered investment
adviser, or if either registrant terminates activities that require
registration as an agent or investment adviser representative, the
broker‑dealer, issuer, investment adviser, or federal covered investment
adviser shall promptly file a notice of termination. If the registrant
learns that the broker‑dealer, issuer, investment adviser, or federal
covered investment adviser has not filed the notice, the registrant may
do so.

(b)  If an agent registered under this act terminates employment by or
association with a broker‑dealer registered under this act and begins
employment by or association with another broker‑dealer registered under
this act; or if an investment adviser representative registered under
this act terminates employment by or association with an investment
adviser registered under this act or a federal covered investment
adviser that has filed a notice under W.S. 17‑4‑405 and begins
employment by or association with another investment adviser registered
under this act or a federal covered investment adviser that has filed a
notice under W.S. 17‑4‑405; then upon the filing by or on behalf of the
registrant, within thirty (30) days after the termination, of an
application for registration that complies with the requirement of W.S.
17‑4‑406(a) and payment of the filing fee required under W.S. 17‑4‑410,
the registration of the agent or investment adviser representative is:

(i)  Immediately effective as of the date of the completed filing, if
the agent's central registration depository record or successor record
or the investment adviser representative's investment adviser
registration depository record or successor record does not contain a
new or amended disciplinary disclosure within the previous twelve (12)
months; or

(ii)  Temporarily effective as of the date of the completed filing, if
the agent's central registration depository record or successor record
or the investment adviser representative's investment adviser
registration depository record or successor record contains a new or
amended disciplinary disclosure within the preceding twelve (12) months.

(c)  The secretary of state may withdraw a temporary registration if
there are or were grounds for discipline as specified in W.S. 17‑4‑412
and the secretary of state does so within thirty (30) days after the
filing of the application. If the secretary of state does not withdraw
the temporary registration within the thirty (30) day period,
registration becomes automatically effective on the thirty‑first day
after filing.

(d)  The secretary of state may prevent the effectiveness of a transfer
of an agent or investment adviser representative under paragraph (b)(i)
or (ii) of this section based on the public interest and the protection
of investors.

(e)  If the secretary of state determines that a registrant or applicant
for registration is no longer in existence or has ceased to act as a
broker‑dealer, agent, investment adviser, or investment adviser
representative, or is the subject of an adjudication of incapacity or is
subject to the control of a committee, conservator, or guardian, or
cannot reasonably be located, a rule adopted or order issued under this
act may require the registration be cancelled or terminated or the
application denied. The secretary of state may reinstate a cancelled or
terminated registration, with or without hearing, and may make the
registration retroactive.

17‑4‑409.  Withdrawal of registration of broker‑dealer, agent,
investment adviser, and investment adviser representative.

Withdrawal of registration by a broker‑dealer, agent, investment
adviser, or investment adviser representative becomes effective sixty
(60) days after the filing of the application to withdraw or within any
shorter period as provided by rule adopted or order issued under this
act unless a revocation or suspension proceeding is pending when the
application is filed. If a proceeding is pending, withdrawal becomes
effective when and upon such conditions as required by rule adopted or
order issued under this act. The secretary of state may institute a
revocation or suspension proceeding under W.S. 17‑4‑412 within one (1)
year after the withdrawal became effective automatically and issue a
revocation or suspension order as of the last date on which registration
was effective if a proceeding is not pending.

17‑4‑410.  Filing fees.

(a)  A person shall pay a fee of two hundred dollars (\$200.00) when
initially filing an application for registration as a broker‑dealer and
a fee of two hundred dollars (\$200.00) when filing a renewal of
registration as a broker‑dealer. If the filing results in a denial or
withdrawal, the secretary of state shall retain the entire fee.

(b)  The fee for an individual is forty‑five dollars (\$45.00) when
filing an application for registration as an agent, a fee of forty‑five
dollars (\$45.00) when filing a renewal of registration as an agent, and
a fee of forty‑five dollars (\$45.00) when filing for a change of
registration as an agent. If the filing results in a denial or
withdrawal, the secretary of state shall retain the entire fee.

(c)  A person shall pay a fee of two hundred fifty dollars (\$250.00)
when filing an application for registration as an investment adviser and
a fee of two hundred fifty dollars (\$250.00) when filing a renewal of
registration as an investment adviser. If the filing results in a denial
or withdrawal, the secretary of state shall retain the entire fee.

(d)  The fee for an individual is forty‑five dollars (\$45.00) when
filing an application for registration as an investment adviser
representative, a fee of forty‑five dollars (\$45.00) when filing a
renewal of registration as an investment adviser representative, and a
fee of forty‑five dollars (\$45.00) when filing a change of registration
as an investment adviser representative. If the filing results in a
denial or withdrawal, the secretary of state shall retain the entire
fee.

(e)  A federal covered investment adviser required to file a notice
under W.S. 17‑4‑405 shall pay an initial fee of two hundred fifty
dollars (\$250.00) and an annual notice fee of two hundred fifty dollars
(\$250.00).

(f)  A person required to pay a filing or notice fee under this section
may transmit the fee through or to a designee as a rule or order
provides under this act.

(g)  An investment adviser representative who is registered as an agent
under W.S. 17‑4‑402 and who represents a person that is both registered
as a broker‑dealer under W.S. 17‑4‑401 and registered as an investment
adviser under W.S. 17‑4‑403 or required as a federal covered investment
adviser to make a notice filing under W.S. 17‑4‑405 is not required to
pay an initial or annual registration fee for registration as an
investment adviser representative.

17‑4‑411.  Post registration requirements.

(a)  Subject to section 15(h) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15
U.S.C. § 78o(h)) or section 222 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940
(15 U.S.C. § 80b‑22), a rule adopted or order issued under this act may
establish minimum financial requirements for broker‑dealers registered
or required to be registered under this act and investment advisers
registered or required to be registered under this act.

(b)  Subject to section 15(h) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15
U.S.C. § 78o(h)) or section 222(b) of the Investment Advisers Act of
1940 (15 U.S.C. § 80b‑22), a broker‑dealer registered or required to be
registered under this act and an investment adviser registered or
required to be registered under this act shall file such financial
reports as are required by a rule adopted or order issued under this
act. If the information contained in a record filed under this
subsection is or becomes inaccurate or incomplete in a material respect,
the registrant shall promptly file a correcting amendment.

(c)  Subject to section 15(h) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15
U.S.C. § 78o(h)) or section 222 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940
(15 U.S.C. § 80b‑22):

(i)  A broker‑dealer registered or required to be registered under this
act and an investment adviser registered or required to be registered
under this act shall make and maintain the accounts, correspondence,
memoranda, papers, books, and other records required by rule adopted or
order issued under this act;

(ii)  Broker‑dealer records required to be maintained under paragraph
(i) of this subsection may be maintained in any form of data storage
acceptable under section 17(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(15 U.S.C. § 78q(a)) if they are readily accessible to the secretary of
state; and

(iii)  Investment adviser records required to be maintained under
paragraph (i) of this subsection may be maintained in any form of data
storage required by rule adopted or order issued under this act.

(d)  The records of a broker‑dealer registered or required to be
registered under this act and of an investment adviser registered or
required to be registered under this act are subject to such reasonable
periodic, special, or other audits or inspections by a representative of
the secretary of state, within or without this state, as the secretary
of state considers necessary or appropriate in the public interest and
for the protection of investors. An audit or inspection may be made at
any time and without prior notice. The secretary of state may copy, and
remove for audit or inspection copies of, all records the secretary of
state reasonably considers necessary or appropriate to conduct the audit
or inspection. The secretary of state may assess a reasonable charge for
conducting an audit or inspection under this subsection.

(e)  Subject to section 15(h) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15
U.S.C. § 78o(h)) or section 222 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940
(15 U.S.C. § 80b‑22), a rule adopted or order issued under this act may
require a broker‑dealer or investment adviser that has custody of or
discretionary authority over funds or securities of a customer or client
to obtain insurance or post a bond or other satisfactory form of
security in an amount as set by rule. The secretary of state may
determine the requirements of the insurance, bond, or other satisfactory
form of security. Insurance or a bond or other satisfactory form of
security may not be required of a broker‑dealer registered under this
act whose net capital exceeds, or of an investment adviser registered
under this act whose minimum financial requirements exceed, the amounts
required by rule or order under this act. The insurance, bond, or other
satisfactory form of security must permit an action by a person to
enforce any liability on the insurance, bond, or other satisfactory form
of security if instituted within the time limitations in W.S.
17‑4‑509(k)(ii).

(f)  Subject to section 15(h) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15
U.S.C. § 78o(h)) or section 222 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940
(15 U.S.C. § 80b‑22), an agent may not have custody of funds or
securities of a customer except under the supervision of a broker‑dealer
and an investment adviser representative may not have custody of funds
or securities of a client except under the supervision of an investment
adviser or a federal covered investment adviser. A rule adopted or order
issued under this act may prohibit, limit, or impose conditions on a
broker‑dealer regarding custody of funds or securities of a customer and
on an investment adviser regarding custody of securities or funds of a
client.

(g)  With respect to an investment adviser registered or required to be
registered under this act, a rule adopted or order issued under this act
may require that information or other record be furnished or
disseminated to clients or prospective clients in this state as
necessary or appropriate in the public interest and for the protection
of investors and advisory clients.

(h)  A rule adopted or order issued under this act may require an
individual registered under W.S. 17‑4‑402 or 17‑4‑404 to participate in
a continuing education program approved by the securities and exchange
commission and administered by a self‑regulatory organization or, in the
absence of such a program, a rule adopted or order issued under this act
may require continuing education for an individual registered under W.S.
17‑4‑404.

17‑4‑412.  Denial, revocation, suspension, withdrawal, restriction,
condition, or limitation of registration.

(a)  If the secretary of state finds that the order is in the public
interest and subsection (d) of this section authorizes the action, an
order issued under this act may deny an application, or may condition or
limit registration of an applicant to be a broker‑dealer, agent,
investment adviser, or investment adviser representative, and, if the
applicant is a broker‑dealer or investment adviser, of a partner,
officer, director, or person having a similar status or performing
similar functions, or a person directly or indirectly in control, of the
broker‑dealer or investment adviser.

(b)  If the secretary of state finds that the order is in the public
interest and subsection (d) of this section authorizes the action, an
order issued under this act may revoke, suspend, condition, or limit the
registration of a registrant and, if the registrant is a broker‑dealer
or investment adviser, of a partner, officer, director, or person having
a similar status or performing similar functions, or a person directly
or indirectly in control, of the broker‑dealer or investment adviser.
However, the secretary of state may not:

(i)  Institute a revocation or suspension proceeding under this
subsection based on an order issued under a law of another state that is
reported to the secretary of state or a designee of the secretary of
state more than one (1) year after the date of the order on which it is
based; or

(ii)  Under subparagraph (d)(v)(A) or (B) of this section, issue an
order on the basis of an order issued under the securities act of
another state unless the other order was based on conduct for which
subsection (d) would authorize the action had the conduct occurred in
this state.

(c)  If the secretary of state finds that the order is in the public
interest and paragraph (d)(i) through (vi), (viii), (ix), (x), or (xii)
and (xiii) of this section authorizes the action, an order under this
act may censure, impose a bar or impose a civil penalty in an amount not
to exceed a maximum of five thousand dollars (\$5,000.00) for a single
violation or fifty thousand dollars (\$50,000.00) for more than one (1)
violation, on a registrant, and, if the registrant is a broker‑dealer or
investment adviser, a partner, officer, director, or person having a
similar status or performing similar functions, or a person directly or
indirectly in control, of the broker‑dealer or investment adviser.

(d)  A person may be disciplined under subsections (a) through (c) of
this section if the person:

(i)  Has filed an application for registration in this state under this
act or the predecessor act within the previous ten (10) years, which, as
of the effective date of registration or as of any date after filing in
the case of an order denying effectiveness, was incomplete in any
material respect or contained a statement that, in light of the
circumstances under which it was made, was false or misleading with
respect to a material fact;

(ii)  Willfully violated or willfully failed to comply with this act or
the predecessor act or a rule adopted or order issued under this act or
the predecessor act within the previous ten (10) years;

(iii)  Has been convicted of a felony or within the previous ten (10)
years has been convicted of a misdemeanor involving a security, a
commodity future or option contract, or an aspect of a business
involving securities, commodities, investments, franchises, insurance,
banking, or finance;

(iv)  Is enjoined or restrained by a court of competent jurisdiction in
an action instituted by the secretary of state under this act or the
predecessor act, a state, the securities and exchange commission, or the
United States from engaging in or continuing an act, practice, or course
of business involving an aspect of a business involving securities,
commodities, investments, franchises, insurance, banking, or finance;

(v)  Is the subject of an order, issued after notice and opportunity for
hearing by:

(A)  The securities, depository institution, insurance, or other
financial services regulator of a state or by the securities and
exchange commission or other federal agency denying, revoking, barring,
or suspending registration as a broker‑dealer, agent, investment
adviser, federal covered investment adviser, or investment adviser
representative;

(B)  The securities regulator of a state or the securities and exchange
commission against a broker‑dealer, agent, investment adviser,
investment adviser representative, or federal covered investment
adviser;

(C)  The securities and exchange commission or a self‑regulatory
organization suspending or expelling the registrant from membership in
the self‑regulatory organization;

(D)  A court adjudicating a United States postal service fraud order;

(E)  The insurance regulator of a state denying, suspending, or revoking
registration as an insurance agent; or

(F)  A depository institution regulator suspending or barring the person
from the depository institution business.

(vi)  Is the subject of an adjudication or determination, after notice
and opportunity for hearing, by the securities and exchange commission,
the commodity futures trading commission; the federal trade commission;
a federal depository institution regulator, or a depository institution,
insurance, or other financial services regulator of a state that the
person willfully violated the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, the
Investment Company Act of 1940, or the Commodity Exchange Act, the
securities or commodities law of a state, or a federal or state law
under which a business involving investments, franchises, insurance,
banking, or finance is regulated;

(vii)  Is insolvent, either because the person's liabilities exceed the
person's assets or because the person cannot meet the person's
obligations as they mature, but the secretary of state may not enter an
order against an applicant or registrant under this paragraph without a
finding of insolvency as to the applicant or registrant;

(viii)  Refuses to allow or otherwise impedes the secretary of state
from conducting an audit or inspection under W.S. 17‑4‑411(d) or refuses
access to a registrant's office to conduct an audit or inspection under
W.S. 17‑4‑411(d);

(ix)  Has failed to reasonably supervise an agent, investment adviser
representative, or other individual, if the agent, investment adviser
representative, or other individual was subject to the person's
supervision and committed a violation of this act or the predecessor act
or a rule adopted or order issued under this act or the predecessor act
within the previous ten (10) years;

(x)  Has not paid the proper filing fee within thirty (30) days after
having been notified by the secretary of state of a deficiency, but the
secretary of state shall vacate an order under this paragraph when the
deficiency is corrected;

(xi)  After notice and opportunity for a hearing, has been found within
the previous ten (10) years:

(A)  By a court of competent jurisdiction to have willfully violated the
laws of a foreign jurisdiction under which the business of securities,
commodities, investment, franchises, insurance, banking, or finance is
regulated;

(B)  To have been the subject of an order of a securities regulator of a
foreign jurisdiction denying, revoking, or suspending the right to
engage in the business of securities as a broker‑dealer, agent,
investment adviser, investment adviser representative, or similar
person; or

(C)  To have been suspended or expelled from membership by or
participation in a securities exchange or securities association
operating under the securities laws of a foreign jurisdiction.

(xii)  Is the subject of a cease and desist order issued by the
securities and exchange commission or issued under the securities,
commodities, investment, franchise, banking, finance, or insurance laws
of a state;

(xiii)  Has engaged in dishonest or unethical practices in the
securities, commodities, investment, franchise, banking, finance, or
insurance business within the previous ten (10) years; or

(xiv)  Is not qualified on the basis of factors such as training,
experience, and knowledge of the securities business. However, in the
case of an application by an agent for a broker‑dealer that is a member
of a self‑regulatory organization or by an individual for registration
as an investment adviser representative, a denial order may not be based
on this paragraph if the individual has successfully completed all
examinations required by subsection (e) of this section. The secretary
of state may require an applicant for registration under W.S. 17‑4‑402
or 17‑4‑404 who has not been registered in a state within the two (2)
years preceding the filing of an application in this state to
successfully complete an examination.

(e)  A rule adopted or order issued under this act may require that an
examination, including an examination developed or approved by an
organization of securities regulators, be successfully completed by a
class of individuals or all individuals. An order issued under this act
may waive, in whole or in part, an examination as to an individual and a
rule adopted under this act may waive, in whole or in part, an
examination as to a class of individuals if the secretary of state
determines that the examination is not necessary or appropriate in the
public interest and for the protection of investors.

(f)  The secretary of state may suspend or deny an application
summarily; restrict, condition, limit, or suspend a registration; or
censure, bar, or impose a civil penalty on a registrant before final
determination of an administrative proceeding. Upon the issuance of an
order, the secretary of state shall promptly notify each person subject
to the order that the order has been issued, the reasons for the action,
and that within fifteen (15) days after the receipt of a request in a
record from the person the matter will be scheduled for a hearing. If a
hearing is not requested and none is ordered by the secretary of state
within thirty (30) days after the date of service of the order, the
order becomes final by operation of law. If a hearing is requested or
ordered, the secretary of state, after notice of and opportunity for
hearing to each person subject to the order, may modify or vacate the
order or extend the order until final determination.

(g)  An order issued may not be issued under this section, except under
subsection (f) of this section, without:

(i)  Appropriate notice to the applicant or registrant;

(ii)  Opportunity for hearing; and

(iii)  Findings of fact and conclusions of law in a record in accordance
with the Wyoming Administrative Procedure Act.

(h)  A person that controls, directly or indirectly, a person not in
compliance with this section may be disciplined by order of the
secretary of state under subsections (a) through (c) of this section to
the same extent as the noncomplying person, unless the controlling
person did not know, and in the exercise of reasonable care could not
have known, of the existence of conduct that is a ground for discipline
under this section.

(j)  The secretary of state may not institute a proceeding under
subsection (a), (b), or (c) of this section based solely on material
facts actually known by the secretary of state unless an investigation
or the proceeding is instituted within one (1) year after the secretary
of state actually acquires knowledge of the material facts.

ARTICLE 5

FRAUD AND LIABILITIES

17‑4‑501.  General fraud.

(a)  It is unlawful for a person, in connection with the offer, sale, or
purchase of a security, directly or indirectly:

(i)  To employ a device, scheme, or artifice to defraud;

(ii)  To make an untrue statement of a material fact or to omit to state
a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; or

(iii)  To engage in an act, practice, or course of business that
operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon another person.

17‑4‑502.  Prohibited conduct in providing investment advice.

(a)  It is unlawful for a person that advises others for compensation,
either directly or indirectly or through publications or writings, as to
the value of securities or the advisability of investing in, purchasing,
or selling securities or that, for compensation and as part of a regular
business, issues or promulgates analyses or reports relating to
securities:

(i)  To employ a device, scheme, or artifice to defraud another person;
or

(ii)  To engage in an act, practice, or course of business that operates
or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon another person.

(b)  A rule adopted under this act may define an act, practice, or
course of business of an investment adviser or an investment adviser
representative, other than a supervised person of a federal covered
investment adviser, as fraudulent, deceptive, or manipulative, and
prescribe means reasonably designed to prevent investment advisers and
investment adviser representatives, other than supervised persons of a
federal covered investment adviser, from engaging in acts, practices,
and courses of business defined as fraudulent, deceptive, or
manipulative.

(c)  A rule adopted under this act may specify the contents of an
investment advisory contract entered into, extended, or renewed by an
investment adviser.

17‑4‑503.  Evidentiary burden.

(a)  In a civil action or administrative proceeding under this act, a
person claiming an exemption, exception, preemption, or exclusion has
the burden to prove the applicability of the claim.

(b)  In a criminal proceeding under this act, a person claiming an
exemption, exception, preemption, or exclusion has the burden of going
forward with evidence of the claim.

17‑4‑504.  Filing of sales and advertising literature.

(a)  Except as otherwise provided in subsection (b) of this section, a
rule adopted or order issued under this act may require the filing of a
prospectus, pamphlet, circular, form letter, advertisement, sales
literature, or other advertising record relating to a security or
investment advice, addressed or intended for distribution to prospective
investors, including clients or prospective clients of a person
registered or required to be registered as an investment adviser under
this act.

(b)  This section does not apply to sales and advertising literature
specified in subsection (a) of this section which relates to a federal
covered security, a federal covered investment adviser, or a security or
transaction exempted by W.S. 17‑4‑201 through 17‑4‑204 except as
required pursuant to W.S. 17‑4‑201(a)(vii).

17‑4‑505.  Misleading filings.

It is unlawful for a person to make or cause to be made, in a record
that is used in an action or proceeding or filed under this act, a
statement that, at the time and in the light of the circumstances under
which it is made, is false or misleading in a material respect, or, in
connection with the statement, to omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statement made, in the light of the circumstances
under which it was made, not false or misleading.

17‑4‑506.  Misrepresentations concerning registration or exemption.

(a)  The filing of an application for registration, a registration
statement, a notice filing under this act, the registration of a person,
the notice filing by a person, or the registration of a security under
this act does not constitute a finding by the secretary of state that a
record filed under this act is true, complete, and not misleading. The
filing or registration or the availability of an exemption, exception,
preemption, or exclusion for a security or a transaction does not mean
that the secretary of state has passed upon the merits or qualifications
of, or recommended or given approval to, a person, security, or
transaction.

(b)  It is unlawful to make, or cause to be made, to a purchaser,
customer, client, or prospective customer or client a representation
inconsistent with this section.

17‑4‑507.  Qualified immunity.

A broker‑dealer, agent, investment adviser, federal covered investment
adviser, or investment adviser representative is not liable to another
broker‑dealer, agent, investment adviser, federal covered investment
adviser, or investment adviser representative for defamation relating to
a statement that is contained in a record required by the secretary of
state, or designee of the secretary of state, the securities and
exchange commission, or a self‑regulatory organization, unless the
person knew, or should have known at the time that the statement was
made, that it was false in a material respect or the person acted in
reckless disregard of the statement's truth or falsity.

17‑4‑508.  Criminal penalties.

(a)  A person that willfully violates this act, or a rule adopted or
order issued under this act, except W.S. 17‑4‑504 or the notice filing
requirements of W.S. 17‑4‑302 or 17‑4‑405, or that willfully violates
W.S. 17‑4‑505 knowing the statement made to be false or misleading in a
material respect, upon conviction, shall be fined not more than five
thousand dollars (\$5,000.00) or imprisoned not more than three (3)
years, or both. An individual convicted of violating a rule or order
under this act may be fined, but may not be imprisoned, if the
individual did not have knowledge of the rule or order.

(b)  The attorney general or district attorney with or without a
reference from the secretary of state, may institute criminal
proceedings under this act.

(c)  This act does not limit the power of this state to punish a person
for conduct that constitutes a crime under other laws of this state.

17‑4‑509.  Civil Liability.

(a)  Enforcement of civil liability under this section is subject to the
Securities Litigation Uniform Standards Act of 1998.

(b)  A person is liable to the purchaser if the person sells a security
in violation of W.S. 17‑4‑301 or, by means of an untrue statement of a
material fact or an omission to state a material fact necessary in order
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which it
is made, not misleading, the purchaser not knowing the untruth or
omission and the seller not sustaining the burden of proof that the
seller did not know and, in the exercise of reasonable care, could not
have known of the untruth or omission. An action under this subsection
is governed by the following:

(i)  The purchaser may maintain an action to recover the consideration
paid for the security, less the amount of any income received on the
security, and interest at six percent (6%) per year from the date of the
purchase, costs, and reasonable attorneys' fees determined by the court,
upon the tender of the security, or for actual damages as provided in
paragraph (iii) of this subsection;

(ii)  The tender referred to in paragraph (i) of this subsection may be
made any time before entry of judgment. Tender requires only notice in a
record of ownership of the security and willingness to exchange the
security for the amount specified. A purchaser that no longer owns the
security may recover actual damages as provided in paragraph (iii) of
this subsection;

(iii)  Actual damages in an action arising under this subsection are the
amount that would be recoverable upon a tender less the value of the
security when the purchaser disposed of it, and interest at six percent
(6%) per year from the date of the purchase, costs and reasonable
attorneys' fees determined by the court.

(c)  A person is liable to the seller if the person buys a security by
means of an untrue statement of a material fact or omission to state a
material fact necessary in order to make the statement made, in light of
the circumstances under which it is made, not misleading, the seller not
knowing of the untruth or omission, and the purchaser not sustaining the
burden of proof that the purchaser did not know, and in the exercise of
reasonable care, could not have known of the untruth or omission. An
action under this subsection is governed by the following:

(i)  The seller may maintain an action to recover the security, and any
income received on the security, costs, and reasonable attorneys' fees
determined by the court, upon the tender of the purchase price, or for
actual damages as provided in paragraph (iii) of this subsection;

(ii)  The tender referred to in paragraph (i) of this subsection may be
made any time before entry of judgment. Tender requires only notice in a
record of the present ability to pay the amount tendered and willingness
to take delivery of the security for the amount specified. If the
purchaser no longer owns the security, the seller may recover actual
damages as provided in paragraph (iii) of this subsection;

(iii)  Actual damages in an action arising under this subsection are the
difference between the price at which the security was sold and the
value the security would have had at the time of the sale in the absence
of the purchaser's conduct causing liability, and interest at six
percent (6%) per year from the date of the sale of the security, costs,
and reasonable attorneys' fees determined by the court.

(d)  A person acting as a broker‑dealer or agent that sells or buys a
security in violation of W.S. 17‑4‑401(a), 17‑4‑402(a), or 17‑4‑506 is
liable to the customer. The customer, if a purchaser, may maintain an
action for recovery of actual damages as specified in paragraphs (b)(i)
through (iii) of this section, or, if a seller, for a remedy as
specified in paragraphs (c)(i) through (iii) of this section.

(e)  A person acting as an investment adviser or investment adviser
representative that provides investment advice for compensation in
violation of W.S. 17‑4‑403(a), 17‑4‑404(a), or 17‑4‑506 is liable to the
client. The client may maintain an action to recover the consideration
paid for the advice, interest at the rate of six percent (6%) per year
from the date of payment, costs, and reasonable attorneys' fees
determined by the court.

(f)  A person that receives directly or indirectly any consideration for
providing investment advice to another person and that employs a device,
scheme, or artifice to defraud the other person or engages in an act,
practice, or course of business that operates or would operate as a
fraud or deceit on the other person, is liable to the other person. An
action under this subsection is governed by the following:

(i)  The person defrauded may maintain an action to recover the
consideration paid for the advice and the amount of any actual damages
caused by the fraudulent conduct, interest at six percent (6%) per year
from the date of the fraudulent conduct, costs, and reasonable
attorneys' fees determined by the court, less the amount of any income
received as a result of the fraudulent conduct;

(ii)  This subsection does not apply to a broker‑dealer or its agents if
the investment advice provided is solely incidental to transacting
business as a broker‑dealer and no special compensation is received for
the investment advice.

(g)  The following persons are liable jointly and severally with and to
the same extent as persons liable under subsections (b) through (f) of
this section:

(i)  A person that directly or indirectly controls a person liable under
subsections (b) through (f) of this section, unless the controlling
person sustains the burden of proof that the person did not know, and in
the exercise of reasonable care could not have known, of the existence
of conduct by reason of which the liability is alleged to exist;

(ii)  An individual who is a managing partner, executive officer, or
director of a person liable under subsections (b) through (f) of this
section, including an individual having a similar status or performing
similar functions, unless the individual sustains the burden of proof
that the individual did not know and, in the exercise of reasonable care
could not have known, of the existence of conduct by reason of which the
liability is alleged to exist;

(iii)  An individual who is an employee of or associated with a person
liable under subsections (b) through (f) of this section and who
materially aids the conduct giving rise to the liability, unless the
individual sustains the burden of proof that the individual did not know
and, in the exercise of reasonable care could not have known, of the
existence of conduct by reason of which the liability is alleged to
exist; and

(iv)  A person that is a broker‑dealer, agent, investment adviser, or
investment adviser representative that materially aids the conduct
giving rise to the liability under subsections (b) through (f) of this
section, unless the person sustains the burden of proof that the person
did not know and, in the exercise of reasonable care could not have
known, of the existence of conduct by reason of which liability is
alleged to exist.

(h)  A person liable under this section has a right of contribution as
in cases of contract against any other person liable under this section
for the same conduct.

(j)  A cause of action under this section survives the death of an
individual who might have been a plaintiff or defendant.

(k)  A person may not obtain relief:

(i)  Under subsection (b) of this section for violation of W.S.
17‑4‑301, or under subsection (d) or (e) of this section, unless the
action is instituted within one (1) year after the violation occurred;
or

(ii)  Under subsection (b) of this section, other than for violation of
W.S. 17‑4‑301, or under subsection (c) or (f) of this section, unless
the action is instituted within the earlier of two (2) years after
discovery of the facts constituting the violation or five (5) years
after the violation.

(m)  A person that has made, or has engaged in the performance of, a
contract in violation of this act or a rule adopted or order issued
under this act, or that has acquired a purported right under the
contract with knowledge of conduct by reason of which its making or
performance was in violation of this act, may not base an action on the
contract.

(n)  A condition, stipulation, or provision binding a person purchasing
or selling a security or receiving investment advice to waive compliance
with this act or a rule adopted or order issued under this act is void.

(o)  The rights and remedies provided by this act are in addition to any
other rights or remedies that may exist, but this act does not create a
cause of action not specified in this section or W.S. 17‑4‑411(e).

17‑4‑510.  Rescission offers.

(a)  A purchaser, seller, or recipient of investment advice may not
maintain an action under W.S. 17‑4‑509 if:

(i)  The purchaser, seller, or recipient of investment advice receives
in a record, before the action is instituted:

(A)  An offer stating the respect in which liability under W.S. 17‑4‑509
may have arisen and fairly advising the purchaser, seller, or recipient
of investment advice of that person's rights in connection with the
offer, and any financial or other information necessary to correct all
material misrepresentations or omissions in the information that was
required by this act to be furnished to that person at the time of the
purchase, sale, or investment advice;

(B)  If the basis for relief under this section may have been a
violation of W.S. 17‑4‑509(b), an offer to repurchase the security for
cash, payable on delivery of the security, equal to the consideration
paid, and interest at six percent (6%) per year from the date of the
purchase, less the amount of any income received on the security, or, if
the purchaser no longer owns the security, an offer to pay the purchaser
upon acceptance of the offer damages in an amount that would be
recoverable upon a tender, less the value of the security when the
purchaser disposed of it, and interest at six percent (6%) per year from
the date of the purchase in cash equal to the damages computed in the
manner provided in this subsection;

(C)  If the basis for relief under this section may have been a
violation of W.S. 17‑4‑509(c), an offer to tender the security, on
payment by the seller of an amount equal to the purchase price paid,
less income received on the security by the purchaser and interest at
six percent (6%) per year from the date of the sale; or if the purchaser
no longer owns the security, an offer to pay the seller upon acceptance
of the offer, in cash, damages in the amount of the difference between
the price at which the security was purchased and the value the security
would have had at the time of the purchase in the absence of the
purchaser's conduct that may have caused liability and interest at six
percent (6%) per year from the date of the sale;

(D)  If the basis for relief under this section may have been a
violation of W.S. 17‑4‑509(d); and if the customer is a purchaser, an
offer to pay as specified in subparagraph (B) of this paragraph; or, if
the customer is a seller, an offer to tender or to pay as specified in
subparagraph (C) of this paragraph;

(E)  If the basis for relief under this section may have been a
violation of W.S. 17‑4‑509(e), an offer to reimburse in cash the
consideration paid for the advice and interest at six percent (6%) per
year from the date of payment; or

(F)  If the basis for relief under this section may have been a
violation of W.S. 17‑4‑509(f), an offer to reimburse in cash the
consideration paid for the advice, the amount of any actual damages that
may have been caused by the conduct, and interest at six percent (6%)
per year from the date of the violation causing the loss.

(ii)  The offer under paragraph (i) of this subsection states that it
must be accepted by the purchaser, seller, or recipient of investment
advice within thirty (30) days after the date of its receipt by the
purchaser, seller, or recipient of investment advice or any shorter
period, of not less than three (3) days, that the secretary of state, by
order, specifies;

(iii)  The offeror has the present ability to pay the amount offered or
to tender the security under paragraph (i) of this subsection;

(iv)  The offer under paragraph (i) of this subsection is delivered to
the purchaser, seller, or recipient of investment advice, or sent in a
manner that ensures receipt by the purchaser, seller, or recipient of
investment advice; and

(v)  The purchaser, seller, or recipient of investment advice that
accepts the offer under paragraph (i) of this subsection in a record
within the period specified under paragraph (ii) of this subsection is
paid in accordance with the terms of the offer.

ARTICLE 6

ADMINISTRATION AND JUDICIAL REVIEW

17‑4‑601.  Administration.

(a)  The secretary of state shall administer this act.

(b)  It is unlawful for the secretary of state or an officer, employee,
or designee of the secretary of state to use for personal benefit or the
benefit of others records or other information obtained by or filed with
the secretary of state that are not public under W.S. 17‑4‑607(b). This
act does not authorize the secretary of state or an officer, employee,
or designee of the secretary of state to disclose the record or
information, except in accordance with W.S. 17‑4‑602, 17‑4‑607(c), or
17‑4‑608.

(c)  This act does not create or diminish a privilege or exemption that
exists at common law, by statute or rule, or otherwise.

(d)  The secretary of state may develop and implement investor education
initiatives to inform the public about investing in securities, with
particular emphasis on the prevention and detection of securities fraud.
In developing and implementing these initiatives, the secretary of state
may collaborate with public and nonprofit organizations with an interest
in investor education. The secretary of state may accept a grant or
donation from a person that is not affiliated with the securities
industry or from a nonprofit organization, regardless of whether the
organization is affiliated with the securities industry, to develop and
implement investor education initiatives. This subsection does not
authorize the secretary of state to require participation or monetary
contributions of a registrant in an investor education program.

17‑4‑602.  Investigations and subpoenas.

(a)  The secretary of state may:

(i)  Conduct public or private investigations within or outside of this
state which the secretary of state considers necessary or appropriate to
determine whether a person has violated, is violating, or is about to
violate this act or a rule adopted or order issued under this act, or to
aid in the enforcement of this act or in the adoption of rules and forms
under this act;

(ii)  Require or permit a person to testify, file a statement, or
produce a record, under oath or otherwise as the secretary of state
determines, as to all the facts and circumstances concerning a matter to
be investigated or about which an action or proceeding is to be
instituted; and

(iii)  Publish a record concerning an action, proceeding, or an
investigation under, or a violation of, this act or a rule adopted or
order issued under this act if the secretary of state determines it is
necessary or appropriate in the public interest and for the protection
of investors.

(b)  For the purpose of an investigation under this act, the secretary
of state or his designated officer may administer oaths and
affirmations, subpoena witnesses, seek compulsion of attendance, take
evidence, require the filing of statements, and require the production
of any records that the secretary of state considers relevant or
material to the investigation.

(c)  If a person does not appear or refuses to testify, file a
statement, produce records, or otherwise does not obey a subpoena as
required by the secretary of state under this act, the secretary of
state may refer the matter to the attorney general or district attorney,
who may apply to the Wyoming district court or a court of another state
to enforce compliance. The court may:

(i)  Hold the person in contempt;

(ii)  Order the person to appear before the secretary of state;

(iii)  Order the person to testify about the matter under investigation
or in question;

(iv)  Order the production of records;

(v)  Grant injunctive relief, including restricting or prohibiting the
offer or sale of securities or the providing of investment advice;

(vi)  Impose a civil penalty of not less than five thousand dollars
(\$5,000.00) and not greater than fifty thousand (\$50,000.00) for each
violation; and

(vii)  Grant any other necessary or appropriate relief.

(d)  This section does not preclude a person from applying to Wyoming
district court or a court of another state for relief from a request to
appear, testify, file a statement, produce records, or obey a subpoena.

(e)  An individual is not excused from attending, testifying, filing a
statement, producing a record or other evidence, or obeying a subpoena
of the secretary of state under this act or in an action or proceeding
instituted by the secretary of state under this act on the ground that
the required testimony, statement, record, or other evidence, directly
or indirectly, may tend to incriminate the individual or subject the
individual to a criminal fine, penalty, or forfeiture. If the individual
refuses to testify, file a statement, or produce a record or other
evidence on the basis of the individual's privilege against
self‑incrimination, the secretary of state may apply to the Wyoming
district court to compel the testimony, the filing of the statement, the
production of the record, or the giving of other evidence. The
testimony, record, or other evidence compelled under such an order may
not be used, directly or indirectly, against the individual in a
criminal case, except in a prosecution for perjury or contempt or
otherwise failing to comply with the order.

(f)  At the request of the securities regulator of another state or a
foreign jurisdiction, the secretary of state may provide assistance if
the requesting regulator states that it is conducting an investigation
to determine whether a person has violated, is violating, or is about to
violate a law or rule of the other state or foreign jurisdiction
relating to securities matters that the requesting regulator administers
or enforces. The secretary of state may provide the assistance by using
the authority to investigate and the powers conferred by this section as
the secretary of state determines is necessary or appropriate. The
assistance may be provided without regard to whether the conduct
described in the request would also constitute a violation of this act
or other law of this state if occurring in this state. In deciding
whether to provide the assistance, the secretary of state may consider
whether the requesting regulator is permitted and has agreed to provide
assistance reciprocally within its state or foreign jurisdiction to the
secretary of state on securities matters when requested; whether
compliance with the request would violate or prejudice the public policy
of this state; and the availability of resources and employees of the
secretary of state to carry out the request for assistance.

17‑4‑603.  Civil enforcement.

(a)  If the secretary of state believes that a person has engaged, is
engaging, or is about to engage in an act, practice, or course of
business constituting a violation of this act or a rule adopted or order
issued under this act or that a person has, is, or is about to engage in
an act, practice, or course of business that materially aids a violation
of this act or a rule adopted or order issued under this act, the
secretary of state may maintain an action in the Wyoming district court
to enjoin the act, practice, or course of business and to enforce
compliance with this act or a rule adopted or order issued under this
act.

(b)  In an action under this section and on a proper showing, the court
may:

(i)  Issue a permanent or temporary injunction, restraining order, or
declaratory judgment;

(ii)  Order other appropriate or ancillary relief, which may include:

(A)  An asset freeze, accounting, writ of attachment, writ of general or
specific execution, and appointment of a receiver or conservator, that
may be the secretary of state, for the defendant or the defendant's
assets;

(B)  Ordering the secretary of state to take charge and control of a
defendant's property, including investment accounts and accounts in a
depository institution, rents, and profits; to collect debts; and to
acquire and dispose of property;

(C)  Imposing a civil penalty up to five thousand dollars (\$5,000.00)
for a single violation or up to fifty thousand dollars (\$50,000.00) for
more than one (1) violation; an order of rescission, restitution, or
disgorgement directed to a person that has engaged in an act, practice,
or course of business constituting a violation of this act or the
predecessor act or a rule adopted or order issued under this act or the
predecessor act; and

(D)  Ordering the payment of prejudgment and post judgment interest.

(iii)  Order such other relief as the court considers appropriate.

(c)  The secretary of state may not be required to post a bond in an
action or proceeding under this act.

17‑4‑604.  Administrative enforcement.

(a)  If the secretary of state determines that a person has engaged, is
engaging or is about to engage in an act, practice, or course of
business constituting a violation of this act or a rule adopted or order
issued under this act or that a person has materially aided, is
materially aiding, or is about to materially aid an act, practice, or
course of business constituting a violation of this act or a rule
adopted or order issued under this act, the secretary of state may:

(i)  Issue an order directing the person to cease and desist from
engaging in the act, practice, or course of business or to take other
action necessary or appropriate to comply with this act;

(ii)  Issue an order denying, suspending, revoking, or conditioning the
exemptions for a broker‑dealer under W.S. 17‑4‑401(b)(i)(D) or (F) or an
investment adviser under W.S. 17‑4‑403(b)(i)(C); or

(iii)  Issue an order under W.S. 17‑4‑205.

(b)  An order under subsection (a) of this section is effective on the
date of issuance. Upon issuance of the order, the secretary of state
shall promptly serve each person subject to the order with a copy of the
order and a notice that the order has been entered. The order must
include a statement whether the secretary of state will seek a civil
penalty or costs of the investigation, a statement of the reasons for
the order, and notice that, within fifteen (15) days after receipt of a
request in a record from the person, the matter will be scheduled for a
hearing. If a person subject to the order does not request a hearing and
none is ordered by the secretary of state within thirty (30) days after
the date of service of the order, the order, which may include a civil
penalty or costs of the investigation if a civil penalty or costs were
sought in the statement accompanying the order, becomes final as to that
person by operation of law. If a hearing is requested or ordered, the
secretary of state, after notice of and opportunity for hearing to each
person subject to the order, may modify or vacate the order or extend it
until final determination.

(c)  If a hearing is requested or ordered pursuant to subsection (b) of
this section, a hearing must be held pursuant to the Wyoming
Administrative Procedure Act. A final order may not be issued unless the
secretary of state makes findings of fact and conclusions of law in a
record in accordance with the Wyoming Administrative Procedure Act. The
final order may make final, vacate, or modify the order issued under
subsection (a) of this section.

(d)  In a final order under subsection (c) of this section, the
secretary of state may impose a civil penalty up to five thousand
dollars (\$5,000.00) for a single violation or up to fifty thousand
dollars (\$50,000.00) for more than one (1) violation.

(e)  In a final order, the secretary of state may charge the actual cost
of an investigation or proceeding for a violation of this act or a rule
adopted or order issued under this act.

(f)  If a petition for judicial review of a final order is not filed in
accordance with W.S. 17‑4‑609, the secretary of state may file a
certified copy of the final order with the clerk of a court of competent
jurisdiction. The order so filed has the same effect as a judgment of
the court and may be recorded, enforced, or satisfied in the same manner
as a judgment of the court.

(g)  If a person does not comply with an order under this section, the
secretary of state may petition a court of competent jurisdiction to
enforce the order. The court may not require the secretary of state to
post a bond in an action or proceeding under this section. If the court
finds, after service and opportunity for hearing, that the person was
not in compliance with the order, the court may adjudge the person in
civil contempt of the order. The court may impose a further civil
penalty against the person for contempt in an amount not less than five
thousand dollars (\$5,000.00) but not greater than fifty thousand
dollars (\$50,000.00) for each violation and may grant any other relief
the court determines is just and proper in the circumstances.

17‑4‑605.  Rules, forms, orders, interpretative opinions, and hearings.

(a)  The secretary of state may:

(i)  Issue forms and orders and, after notice and comment, may adopt and
amend rules necessary or appropriate to carry out this act and may
repeal rules, including rules and forms governing registration
statements, applications, notice filings, reports, and other records;

(ii)  By rule, define terms, whether or not used in this act, but those
definitions may not be inconsistent with this act; and

(iii)  By rule, classify securities, persons, and transactions and adopt
different requirements for different classes.

(b)  Under this act, a rule or form may not be adopted or amended, or an
order issued or amended, unless the secretary of state finds that the
rule, form, order, or amendment is necessary or appropriate in the
public interest or for the protection of investors and is consistent
with the purposes intended by this act. In adopting, amending, and
repealing rules and forms, W.S. 17‑4‑608 applies in order to achieve
uniformity among the states and coordination with federal laws in the
form and content of registration statements, applications, reports, and
other records, including the adoption of uniform rules, forms, and
procedures.

(c)  Subject to section 15(h) of the Securities Exchange Act and section
222 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, the secretary of state may
require that a financial statement filed under this act be prepared in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United
States and comply with other requirements specified by rule adopted or
order issued under this act. A rule adopted or order issued under this
act may establish:

(i)  Subject to section 15(h) of the Securities Exchange Act and section
222 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, the form and content of
financial statements required under this act;

(ii)  Whether unconsolidated financial statements must be filed; and

(iii)  Whether required financial statements must be audited by an
independent certified public accountant.

(d)  The secretary of state may provide interpretative opinions or issue
determinations that the secretary of state will not institute a
proceeding or an action under this act against a specified person for
engaging in a specified act, practice, or course of business if the
determination is consistent with this act. A rule adopted or order
issued under this act may establish a reasonable charge for
interpretative opinions or determinations that the secretary of state
will not institute an action or a proceeding under this act.

(e)  A penalty under this act may not be imposed for, and liability does
not arise from conduct that is engaged in or omitted in good faith
believing it conforms to a rule, form, or order of the secretary of
state under this act.

(f)  A hearing in an administrative proceeding under this act must be
conducted in public unless the secretary of state for good cause
consistent with this act determines that the hearing will not be so
conducted.

17‑4‑606.  Administrative files and opinions.

(a)  The secretary of state shall maintain, or designate a person to
maintain, a register of applications for registration of securities;
registration statements; notice filings; applications for registration
of broker‑dealers, agents, investment advisers, and investment adviser
representatives; notice filings by federal covered investment advisers
that are or have been effective under this act or the predecessor act;
notices of claims of exemption from registration or notice filing
requirements contained in a record; orders issued under this act or the
predecessor act; and interpretative opinions or no action determinations
issued under this act.

(b)  The secretary of state shall make all rules, forms, interpretative
opinions, and orders available to the public.

(c)  The secretary of state shall control the availability and
dissemination of records, including the records identified as public
records in W.S. 17‑4‑607, pursuant to the requirements set forth in the
Wyoming Public Records Act, W.S. 16‑4‑201 through 16‑4‑205.

17‑4‑607.  Public records; confidentiality.

(a)  Except as otherwise provided in subsection (b) of this section,
records obtained by the secretary of state or filed under this act,
including a record contained in or filed with a registration statement,
application, notice filing, or report, are public records and are
available for public examination.

(b)  The following records are not public records and are not available
for public examination under subsection (a) of this section:

(i)  A record obtained by the secretary of state in connection with an
audit or inspection under W.S. 17‑4‑411(d) or an investigation under
W.S. 17‑4‑602;

(ii)  A part of a record filed in connection with a registration
statement under W.S. 17‑4‑301 and 17‑4‑303 through 17‑4‑305 or a record
under W.S. 17‑4‑411(d) that contains trade secrets or confidential
information if the person filing the registration statement or report
has asserted a claim of confidentiality or privilege that is authorized
by law;

(iii)  A record that is not required to be provided to the secretary of
state or filed under this act and is provided to the secretary of state
only on the condition that the record will not be subject to public
examination or disclosure;

(iv)  A nonpublic record received from a person specified in W.S.
17‑4‑608(a); and

(v)  Any social security number, residential address unless used as a
business address, and residential telephone number unless used as a
business telephone number, contained in a record that is filed; and

(vi)  A record obtained by the secretary of state through a designee of
the secretary of state that a rule or order under this act determines
has been:

(A)  Expunged from the secretary of state's records by the designee; or

(B)  Determined to be nonpublic or nondisclosable by that designee if
the secretary of state finds the determination to be in the public
interest and for the protection of investors.

(c)  If disclosure is for the purpose of a civil, administrative, or
criminal investigation, action, or proceeding or to a person specified
in W.S. 17‑4‑608(a), the secretary of state may disclose a record
obtained in connection with an audit or inspection under W.S.
17‑4‑411(d) or a record obtained in connection with an investigation
under W.S. 17‑4‑602.

17‑4‑608.  Uniformity and cooperation with other agencies.

(a)  The secretary of state shall, in his discretion, cooperate,
coordinate, consult, and, subject to W.S. 17‑4‑607, share records and
information with the securities regulator of another state, Canada, a
Canadian province or territory, a foreign jurisdiction, the securities
and exchange commission, the United States department of justice, the
commodity futures trading commission, the federal trade commission, the
securities investor protection corporation, a self‑regulatory
organization, a national or international organization of securities
regulators, a federal or state banking and insurance regulator, and a
governmental law enforcement agency to effectuate greater uniformity in
securities matters among the federal government, self‑regulatory
organizations, states, and foreign governments.

(b)  In cooperating, coordinating, consulting, and sharing records and
information under this section and in acting by rule, order, or waiver
under this act, the secretary of state shall, in its discretion, take
into consideration in carrying out the public interest the following
general policies:

(i)  Maximizing effectiveness of regulation for the protection of
investors;

(ii)  Maximizing uniformity in federal and state regulatory standards;
and

(iii)  Minimizing burdens on the business of capital formation, without
adversely affecting essentials of investor protection.

(c)  The cooperation, coordination, consultation, and sharing of records
and information authorized by this section includes:

(i)  Establishing or employing one (1) or more designees as a central
depository for registration and notice filings under this act and for
records required or allowed to be maintained under this act;

(ii)  Developing and maintaining uniform forms;

(iii)  Conducting a joint examination or investigation;

(iv)  Holding a joint administrative hearing;

(v)  Instituting and prosecuting a joint civil or administrative
proceeding;

(vi)  Sharing and exchanging personnel;

(vii)  Coordinating registrations under W.S. 17‑4‑301 and 17‑4‑401
through 17‑4‑404 and exemptions under W.S. 17‑4‑204;

(viii)  Sharing and exchanging records, subject to W.S. 17‑4‑607;

(ix)  Formulating rules, statements of policy, guidelines, forms, and
interpretative opinions and releases;

(x)  Formulating common systems and procedures;

(xi)  Notifying the public of proposed rules, forms, statements of
policy, and guidelines;

(xii)  Attending conferences and other meetings among securities
regulators, which may include representatives of governmental and
private sector organizations involved in capital formation, deemed
necessary or appropriate to promote or achieve uniformity; and

(xiii)  Developing and maintaining a uniform exemption from registration
for small issuers, and taking other steps to reduce the burden of
raising investment capital by small businesses.

17‑4‑609.  Judicial review.

A final order issued by the secretary of state under this act is subject
to judicial review in accordance with Wyoming Administrative Procedure
Act.

17‑4‑610.  Jurisdiction.

(a)  W.S. 17‑4‑301, 17‑4‑302, 17‑4‑401(a), 17‑4‑402(a), 17‑4‑403(a),
17‑4‑404(a), 17‑4‑501, 17‑4‑506, 17‑4‑509, and 17‑4‑510 do not apply to
a person that sells or offers to sell a security unless the offer to
sell or the sale is made in this state or the offer to purchase or the
purchase is made and accepted in this state.

(b)  W.S. 17‑4‑401(a), 17‑4‑402(a), 17‑4‑403(a), 17‑4‑404(a), 17‑4‑501,
17‑4‑506, 17‑4‑509, and 17‑4‑510 do not apply to a person that purchases
or offers to purchase a security unless the offer to purchase or the
purchase is made in this state or the offer to sell or the sale is made
and accepted in this state.

(c)  For the purpose of this section, an offer to sell or to purchase a
security is made in this state, whether or not either party is then
present in this state, if the offer:

(i)  Originates from within this state; or

(ii)  Is directed by the offeror to a place in this state and received
at the place to which it is directed.

(d)  For the purpose of this section, an offer to purchase or to sell is
accepted in this state, whether or not either party is then present in
this state, if the acceptance:

(i)  Is communicated to the offeror in this state and the offeree
reasonably believes the offeror to be present in this state and the
acceptance is received at the place in this state to which it is
directed; and

(ii)  Has not previously been communicated to the offeror, orally or in
a record, outside this state.

(e)  An offer to sell or to purchase is not made in this state when a
publisher circulates or there is circulated on the publisher's behalf in
this state a bona fide newspaper or other publication of general,
regular, and paid circulation that is not published in this state, or
that is published in this state but has had more than two‑thirds (2/3)
of its circulation outside this state during the previous twelve (12)
months or when a radio or television program or other electronic
communication originating outside this state is received in this state.
A radio or television program, or other electronic communication is
considered as having originated in this state if either the broadcast
studio or the originating source of transmission is located in this
state, unless:

(i)  The program or communication is syndicated and distributed from
outside this state for redistribution to the general public in this
state;

(ii)  The program or communication is supplied by a radio, television,
or other electronic network with the electronic signal originating from
outside this state for redistribution to the general public in this
state;

(iii)  The program or communication is an electronic communication that
originates outside this state and is captured for redistribution to the
general public in this state by a community antenna or cable, radio,
cable television, or other electronic system; or

(iv)  The program or communication consists of an electronic
communication that originates in this state, but which is not intended
for distribution to the general public in this state.

(f)  W.S. 17‑4‑403(a), 17‑4‑404(a), 17‑4‑405(a), 17‑4‑502, 17‑4‑505, and
17‑4‑506 apply to a person if the person engages in an act, practice, or
course of business instrumental in effecting prohibited or actionable
conduct in this state, whether or not either party is then present in
this state.

17‑4‑611.  Service of process.

(a)  A consent to service of process complying with W.S. 17‑4‑611
required by this act must be signed and filed in the form required by a
rule or order under this act. A consent appointing the secretary of
state the person's agent for service of process in a noncriminal action
or proceeding against the person, or the person's successor or personal
representative under this act or a rule adopted or order issued under
this act after the consent is filed, has the same force and validity as
if the service were made personally on the person filing the consent. A
person that has filed a consent complying with this subsection in
connection with a previous application for registration or notice filing
need not file an additional consent.

(b)  If a person, including a nonresident of this state, engages in an
act, practice, or course of business prohibited or made actionable by
this act or a rule adopted or order issued under this act and the person
has not filed a consent to service of process under subsection (a) of
this section, the act, practice, or course of business constitutes the
appointment of the secretary of state as the person's agent for service
of process in a noncriminal action or proceeding against the person or
the person's successor or personal representative.

(c)  Service under subsection (a) or (b) of this section may be made by
providing a copy of the process to the office of the secretary of state,
but it is not effective unless:

(i)  The plaintiff, which may be the secretary of state, promptly sends
notice of the service and a copy of the process, return receipt
requested, to the defendant or respondent at the address set forth in
the consent to service of process or, if a consent to service of process
has not been filed, at the last known address, or takes other reasonable
steps to give notice; and

(ii)  The plaintiff files an affidavit of compliance with this
subsection in the action or proceeding on or before the return day of
the process, if any, or within the time that the court, or the secretary
of state in a proceeding before the secretary of state, allows.

(d)  Service pursuant to subsection (c) of this section may be used in a
proceeding before the secretary of state or by the secretary of state in
a civil action in which the secretary of state is the moving party.

(e)  If process is served under subsection (c) of this section, the
court, or the secretary of state in a proceeding before the secretary of
state, shall order continuances as are necessary or appropriate to
afford the defendant or respondent reasonable opportunity to defend.

17‑4‑612.  Severability clause.

If any provision of this act or its application to any person or
circumstances is held invalid, the invalidity does not affect other
provisions or applications of this act that can be given effect without
the invalid provision or application, and to this end the provisions of
this act are severable.

17‑4‑613.  Securities enforcement and compliance account; purposes.

(a)  There is created the securities enforcement and compliance account.
Funds within the account shall only be expended by legislative
appropriation. All funds within the account shall be invested by the
state treasurer and all investment earnings from the account shall be
credited to the general fund.

(b)  The secretary of state shall credit sixty percent (60%) of all fees
collected by the secretary of state under this act to the general fund
and the balance to the securities enforcement and compliance account.
Annually, on July 1, monies within the account in excess of three
hundred fifty thousand dollars (\$350,000.00) in the securities
enforcement and compliance account shall be credited to the general
fund.

(c)  The secretary of state may expend money within the account created
in subsection (a) of this section as appropriated by the legislature to
investigate, prosecute and otherwise ensure compliance with this act and
to promote investor awareness which may include investment and antifraud
publications and seminars.

(d)  The secretary of state shall develop separately identifiable
biennial expenditure requests using a base budget, standard budget and
exception budget as provided in W.S. 9‑2‑1002 through 9‑2‑1014 for the
purposes specified in this section and from the account created in
subsection (a) of this section.

ARTICLE 7

TRANSITION

17‑4‑701.  Application of act to existing proceeding and existing rights
and duties.

(a)  The predecessor act exclusively governs all actions or proceedings
that are pending on the effective date of this act or may be instituted
on the basis of conduct occurring before the effective date of this act,
but a civil action may not be maintained to enforce any liability under
the predecessor act unless instituted within any period of limitation
that applied when the cause of action accrued or within five (5) years
after the effective date of this act, whichever is earlier.

(b)  All effective registrations under the predecessor act, all
administrative orders relating to the registrations, rules, statements
of policy, interpretative opinions, declaratory rulings, no action
determinations, and conditions imposed on the registrations under the
predecessor act remain in effect while they would have remained in
effect if this act had not been enacted. They are considered to have
been filed, issued, or imposed under this act, but are exclusively
governed by the predecessor act.

(c)  The predecessor act exclusively applies to an offer or sale made
within one (1) year after the effective date of this act pursuant to an
offering made in good faith before the effective date of this act on the
basis of an exemption available under the predecessor act.