CHAPTER 11

INDUSTRIAL CORPORATIONS

17‑11‑101.  Short title.

This act shall be known and may be cited as the "Wyoming Industrial
Corporation Act".

17‑11‑102.  Definitions.

(a)  As used in this act, unless a different meaning is required by the
context, the following words and phrases have the following meanings:

(i)  "Corporation" means a Wyoming industrial development corporation
created under this act;

(ii)  "Financial institution" means any bank, trust company, savings and
loan association, industrial bank, public or private pension or
retirement fund, insurance company or related corporation, partnership,
foundation, or other institution engaged in lending or investing funds;

(iii)  "Member" means any financial institution which undertakes to lend
money to or to buy stock in the corporation created under this act;

(iv)  "Board of directors" means the board of directors of the
corporation created under this act;

(v)  "Loan limit" means for any member, the maximum amount permitted to
be outstanding at one (1) time on loans made by such member to the
corporation, as determined under the provisions of this act;

(vi)  "Shareholder" means:

(A)  If the corporation is formed for profit, the holder of record of
shares in the corporation; or

(B)  If the corporation is a nonprofit corporation, a member who has
contributed money, property, services or other item of value and whose
contribution is recorded on the books of the corporation.

17‑11‑103.  Incorporation; profit or nonprofit corporation; articles of
incorporation generally.

(a)  Fifteen (15) or more persons, a majority of whom shall be residents
of this state, may form an industrial development corporation under the
provisions of this act, by filing in the office of the secretary of
state articles of incorporation.

(b)  The corporation may be formed as a nonprofit corporation in which
event it shall be subject to and governed by the provisions of W.S.
17‑19‑101 through 17‑19‑1807, not in conflict with or inconsistent with
the provisions of this act, or the corporation may be formed for profit
in which event it shall be subject to and governed by the provisions of
the Wyoming Business Corporation Act not in conflict with or
inconsistent with the provisions of this act.

(c)  The articles of incorporation shall contain:

(i)  The name of the corporation which shall include the words
"Industrial Development Corporation of Wyoming";

(ii)  A statement as to whether the corporation is formed as a nonprofit
corporation or for profit;

(iii)  The purposes for which the corporation is founded, which shall be
to promote, stimulate, develop and advance the business prosperity and
economic welfare of Wyoming and its citizens; to encourage and assist
through loans, investments or other business transactions in the
location of new business and industry in this state and to rehabilitate
and assist existing business and industry; to stimulate and assist in
the expansion of all kinds of business activity which will tend to
promote the business development and maintain the economic stability of
this state, provide maximum opportunities for employment, and improve
the standard of living of the citizens of this state; similarly, to
cooperate and act in conjunction with other organizations, public or
private, in the promotion and advancement of industrial, commercial,
agricultural, and recreational developments in this state; and to
provide financing for the promotion, development, and conduct of all
kinds of business activity in this state. The purposes for which the
corporation is formed may also include the rendering of service to
industry by providing feasibility, product, production and market
analyses, patent advice, technological information, research and
development assistance, financial availability counseling, management
counseling, and any other information, assistance or facilities required
for the creation of new industry, to further the expansion of existing
industry, or to induce industry to locate in the state;

(iv)  The total number of directors, their terms, and the method of
their election;

(v)  If the corporation is a nonprofit corporation, a provision that the
assets on dissolution, and any distributions of earnings or assets prior
to dissolution, shall be made only to a charitable or educational
organization or institution;

(vi)  The information required by W.S. 17‑19‑202, if the corporation is
formed on a nonprofit basis and the information required by W.S.
17‑16‑202, if the corporation is formed for profit.

(d)  The articles of incorporation shall be subscribed and acknowledged
by not less than five (5) persons.

(e)  The articles of incorporation shall recite that the corporation is
organized under the provisions of this act.

(f)  The secretary of state shall not approve the articles of
incorporation for a corporation organized under this act until a total
of at least ten (10) national banks, state banks, savings banks,
industrial savings banks, federal savings and loan associations,
domestic building and loan associations, or insurance companies
authorized to do business within this state, or any combination thereof,
have agreed in writing to become members of said corporation, which
agreement shall be filed with the secretary of state with the articles
of incorporation and the filing of same shall be a condition precedent
to the approval of the articles of incorporation by the secretary of
state. Whenever the articles of incorporation shall have been filed in
the office of the secretary of state and approved by him, and all filing
fees and taxes have been paid, the subscribers, their successors and
assigns shall constitute a corporation, and said corporation shall then
be authorized to commence business.

17‑11‑104.  Powers of corporation generally.

(a)  In furtherance of its purposes the corporation shall, subject to
the restrictions and limitations herein contained, have the following
powers:

(i)  To elect, appoint, and employ officers, agents and employees; to
make contracts and incur liabilities for any of the purposes of the
corporation;

(ii)  To borrow money from its members, the small business
administration or any other similar federal agency, or the state of
Wyoming or any agency or department thereof or any other corporation or
person, for any of the purposes of the corporation; to issue therefor
its bonds, debentures, notes or other evidence of indebtedness, whether
secured or unsecured, and to secure the same by mortgage, pledge, deed
of trust or other lien on its property, franchises, rights, and
privileges of every kind and nature, or any part thereof or interest
therein, without securing stockholder or member approval;

(iii)  To make loans to any project, person, firm, corporation,
association or trust, to invest in a small business investment company
as regulated by the small business administration, and to establish and
regulate the terms and conditions with respect to those loans or
investments;

(iv)  To cooperate with and avail itself of the facilities of the United
States department of commerce, the Wyoming business council created by
W.S. 9‑12‑103 and any other similar state or federal governmental
agencies; and to cooperate with and assist, and otherwise encourage
organizations in the various communities of the state in the promotion,
assistance, and development of the business prosperity and economic
welfare of such communities or of this state or of any part thereof;

(v)  To do all acts and things necessary or convenient to carry out the
powers expressly granted in this act.

(b)  In addition to the powers herein enumerated, the corporation if
organized as a nonprofit corporation shall have all of the powers
conferred on such corporations by W.S. 17‑19‑101 through 17‑19‑1807, and
if organized as a profit corporation shall have all of the powers
conferred on corporations under the Wyoming Business Corporation Act.

17‑11‑105.  Authority to acquire and dispose of bonds, securities and
capital stock of corporation.

(a)  Notwithstanding any rule at common law or any provision of any
general or special law or any provision in their respective charters,
agreements of association, articles of organization or trust indentures:

(i)  Any person, domestic or foreign corporation, public utility
company, insurance company, financial institution as defined herein, or
trust, is hereby authorized to acquire, purchase, hold, sell, assign,
transfer, mortgage, pledge or otherwise dispose of any bonds,
securities, or other evidence of indebtedness, or the shares of the
capital stock of the corporation, or to make contributions to any
corporation organized hereunder, and while a shareholder to exercise all
the rights, powers, and privileges granted shareholders, including the
right to vote, all without the approval of any regulatory authority of
the state except as otherwise provided in this act;

(ii)  All financial institutions as defined herein are hereby authorized
to become members of the corporation and to make loans to the
corporation as provided herein; and

(iii)  Each financial institution which becomes a member of the
corporation may acquire, purchase, hold, sell, assign, transfer,
mortgage, pledge or otherwise dispose of any bonds, securities, or other
evidence of indebtedness, or the shares of the capital stock of the
corporation, and make contributions to the corporation, and as a
shareholder exercise all the rights, powers, and privileges granted
stockholders, including the right to vote, all without the approval of
any regulatory authority of the state.

(b)  The amount of capital stock of the corporation which any member is
authorized to acquire pursuant to the authority granted herein is in
addition to the amount of capital stock in corporations which such
member may otherwise be authorized to acquire.

17‑11‑106.  Membership generally; loans to corporation.

(a)  Any financial institution may request membership in the corporation
by making application to the board of directors on such form and in such
manner as said board of directors may require, and membership shall
become effective upon acceptance of such application by the board.

(b)  Each member of the corporation shall make loans to the corporation
as and when called upon by it to do so on such terms and other
conditions as shall be approved from time to time by the board of
directors, subject to the following conditions:

(i)  All loan limits shall be established at the thousand dollar amount
nearest to the amount computed in accordance with the provisions of this
section;

(ii)  Repealed by Laws 1988, ch. 84, § 2.

(iii)  The total amount outstanding on loans to the corporation made by
any member at any one (1) time, when added to the amount of the
investment in the capital stock of the corporation then held by such
member, shall not exceed:

(A)  Twenty percent (20%) of the total amount then outstanding on loans
to the corporation by all members, including in said total amount
outstanding amounts validly called for loan but not yet loaned;

(B)  The following limit, to be determined as of the time such member
becomes a member on the basis of the audited balance sheet of such
member at the close of its fiscal year immediately preceding its
application for membership, or in the case of an insurance company, its
last annual statement to the state insurance commissioner: two and
one‑half percent (2 1/2%) of the capital and surplus of commercial banks
and trust companies; one‑half of one percent (1/2%) of the total
outstanding loans made by savings and loan associations, and building
and loan associations; two and one‑half percent (2 1/2%) of the capital
and unassigned surplus of stock insurance companies, except fire
insurance companies; two and one‑half percent (2 1/2%) of the unassigned
surplus of mutual insurance companies, except fire insurance companies;
one‑tenth of one percent (1/10%) of the assets of fire insurance
companies; and such limits as may be approved by the board of directors
of the corporation for other financial institutions. The board of
directors may, on the request of any financial institution applying for
membership, and with the approval of two‑thirds (2/3%) of the members of
the same class as the financial institution making the request,
authorize a different loan limit for such financial institution than is
set forth above.

(iv)  Each call made by the corporation shall be prorated among the
members of the corporation in substantially the same proportion that the
adjusted loan limit of each member bears to the aggregate of the
adjusted loan limits of all members. The adjusted loan limit of a member
shall be the amount of the member's loan limit, reduced by the balance
of outstanding loans made by the member to the corporation, the
investment in capital stock of the corporation held by the member and
the amount of any contribution made by the member to the corporation, at
the time of the call. No member shall be subject to a call as a result
of owning stock in the corporation. Calls shall be made only on members
who have made member loans to the corporation;

(v)  All loans to the corporation by members under this section shall be
evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, or other evidence of indebtedness
of the corporation, which shall be freely negotiable at all times, and
which shall bear interest at a rate of not less than one‑quarter of one
percent (1/4%).

17‑11‑107.  Duration of membership; withdrawal.

Membership in the corporation shall be for the duration of the
corporation, provided that upon written notice given to the corporation
a minimum of three (3) years and a maximum of fifteen (15) years in
advance, as determined by the board of directors, a member may withdraw
from membership in the corporation at the expiration date of such
notice.

17‑11‑108.  Powers of shareholders and members.

(a)  The shareholders and the members of the corporation shall have the
following powers of the corporation:

(i)  To determine the number of and elect directors as provided in W.S.
17‑11‑110;

(ii)  To make, amend and repeal bylaws;

(iii)  To amend the certificate of incorporation;

(iv)  To dissolve the corporation as provided in W.S. 17‑11‑116;

(v)  To do all things necessary or desirable to secure aid, assistance
loans and other financing from any financial institutions, and from any
agency established under the Small Business Investment Act of 1958,
Public Law 85‑699, 85th Congress, or other similar federal laws now or
hereafter enacted, and from the state of Wyoming or any agency or
department thereof;

(vi)  To exercise such other of the powers of the corporation consistent
with the act as may be conferred on the shareholders and the members by
the bylaws.

(b)  As to all matters requiring action by the shareholders and the
members of the corporation, the shareholders and members shall vote as
provided in the bylaws of the corporation.

(c)  Unless otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation, each
shareholder shall have one (1) vote, in person or by proxy, for each
share of stock held by him. Each member shall have one (1) vote, in
person or by proxy, for each share of stock held by him except that any
member having a loan limit of more than one thousand dollars
(\$1,000.00) and having a loan to the corporation as provided under W.S.
17‑11‑106(b) shall have one (1) additional vote, in person or by proxy,
for each additional one thousand dollars (\$1,000.00) which the member
has outstanding in loans to the corporation under W.S. 17‑11‑106(b) at
any one (1) time.

17‑11‑109.  Amendments to articles of incorporation.

(a)  The articles of incorporation may be amended by the votes of the
shareholders and the members of the corporation as provided in the
corporate bylaws.

(b)  An amendment to the articles of incorporation shall be filed with
the secretary of state, and shall not take effect until the date of such
filing.

17‑11‑110.  Board of directors.

(a)  The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed and
conducted by a board of directors, which shall consist of not less than
five (5) nor more than seven (7) members. One (1) member of the board
shall be the chief executive officer of the Wyoming business council or
other person designated by the council. The board of directors may
exercise all the powers of the corporation except such as are conferred
by law or by the articles of incorporation or the bylaws of the
corporation upon the shareholders or members.

(b)  The board of directors shall be elected in the first instance by
the incorporators and thereafter at the annual meeting, or if no annual
meeting shall be held in the year of incorporation, then within ninety
(90) days after the filing of the articles of incorporation at a special
meeting to be called for such purpose. The directors shall hold office
until the next annual meeting of the corporation and until their
successors are elected and qualified unless sooner removed in accordance
with the provisions of the bylaws. Any vacancy in the office of a
director elected by the members shall be filled by the directors elected
by the members, and any vacancy in the office of a director elected by
the stockholders shall be filled by the directors elected by the
stockholders.

(c)  Directors and officers shall not be responsible for losses unless
the same shall have been occasioned by the willful misconduct of such
directors and officers.

17‑11‑111.  Determination of net earnings and surplus.

Net earnings and surplus shall be determined by the board of directors,
after providing for such reserves as said directors deem desirable, and
the determination of the directors made in good faith shall be
conclusive on all persons.

17‑11‑112.  Depository of funds.

The corporation shall not deposit any of its funds in any banking
institution unless such institution has been designated as a depository
by a vote of a majority of the directors present at an authorized
meeting of the board of directors, exclusive of any director who is an
officer or director of the depository so designated.

17‑11‑113.  Examination by director; reports.

The corporation shall be examined at least once annually by the director
of the state department of audit or his designee and shall make reports
of its condition annually to director, who in turn shall make copies of
such reports available to the governor; and the corporation shall also
furnish such other information as may from time to time be required by
the director or the secretary of state. The director shall exercise the
same power and authority over corporations organized under this act as
is now exercised over banks and trust companies.

17‑11‑114.  First meeting.

(a)  The first meeting of the corporation shall be called by a notice
signed by three (3) or more of the incorporators, stating the time,
place, and purpose of the meeting, a copy of which notice shall be
mailed or delivered to each incorporator at least five (5) days before
the day appointed for the meeting, or may be held without such notice
upon waiver in writing signed by all the incorporators. There shall be
recorded in the minutes of the meeting a copy of said notice or of such
unanimous agreement of the incorporators.

(b)  At such first meeting, the incorporators shall adopt bylaws, elect
directors, and take such other action as the incorporators may see fit.
Eight (8) of the incorporators shall constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business.

17‑11‑115.  Perpetual existence.

The period of existence of the corporation shall be perpetual, subject
to the right of the shareholders and the members to dissolve the
corporation prior to the expiration of said period as provided in W.S.
17‑11‑116.

17‑11‑116.  Dissolution.

The corporation may upon the affirmative vote of two‑thirds (2/3) of the
votes to which the shareholders shall be entitled and two‑thirds (2/3)
of the votes to which the members shall be entitled to dissolve said
corporation. Upon any dissolution of the corporation, none of the
corporation's assets shall be distributed to the shareholders until all
sums due the members of the corporation and creditors thereof have been
paid in full. If the corporation is a nonprofit corporation the assets
remaining after payment in full of all amounts due creditors and the
members of the corporation shall be paid only to charitable or
educational organizations and institutions, in accordance with the
articles of incorporation and bylaws of the corporation.

17‑11‑117.  Corporations designated "state development companies" for
purposes of federal law.

Any corporation organized under the provisions of this act shall be a
state development company, as defined in the Small Business Investment
Act of 1958, Public Law 85‑699, 85th Congress, or any similar federal
legislation, and shall be authorized to operate on a statewide basis.

17‑11‑118.  Exemption from securities registration.

Corporations organized under the provisions of this act shall be exempt
from registration under, or compliance with, the Wyoming Uniform
Securities Act, W.S. 17‑4‑101 through 17‑4‑701.

17‑11‑119.  Tax exemptions, credits or privileges.

Any tax exemptions, tax credits, or tax privileges granted to banks,
savings and loan associations, trust companies, and other financial
institutions by any general laws are granted to corporations organized
pursuant to this act.

17‑11‑120.  Filing fees.

Corporations organized for profit under the provisions of this act shall
pay the filing fees required by W.S. 17‑16‑122 and 17‑16‑1630, and
nonprofit corporations shall pay the filing fees required by W.S.
17‑19‑122 and 17‑19‑1630.