CHAPTER 12

MISCELLANEOUS COMPANIES

17‑12‑101.  Certificate of ditch company.

Whenever any three (3) or more persons associate under the provisions of
this article, to form a company for the purpose of constructing a ditch
or ditches for the purpose of conveying water to any mines, mills or
lands to be used for mining, milling or irrigating of lands, they shall
in their certificate, in addition to the matters required in the first
section of this article, specify as follows: the stream or streams from
which the water is to be taken out; the line of said ditch or ditches,
as near as may be, and the use to which said water is intended to be
applied.

17‑12‑102.  Right‑of‑way of ditch company; interference with prior ditch
and water rights.

Any ditch company formed under the provisions of this article shall have
the right‑of‑way over the lines named in the certificate, and shall also
have the right to run the water of the stream or streams named in the
certificate through their ditch or ditches; provided, that the lines
proposed shall not interfere with any other ditch whose rights are prior
to those acquired under this article and by virtue of said certificate.
Nor shall the water of any stream be directed from its original channel
to the detriment of any miners, mill men or others along the line of
said stream, or who may have a priority of right, and there shall be at
all times left sufficient water in said stream for the use of miners and
agriculturists who may have a prior right to such water along said
stream.

17‑12‑103.  Proper condition of ditches.

Every ditch company organized under the provisions of this article shall
be required to keep the banks of their ditch or ditches in good
condition, so that the water shall not be allowed to escape from the
same, to the injury of any mining claim, road, ditch or other property
located and held prior to the location of such ditch; and whenever it is
necessary to convey any ditch over, or across, or above any lode or
mining claim, the company shall, if necessary to keep the water of said
ditch out from any claim, flume the ditch so far as necessary to protect
such claim or property from the water of said ditch; provided, that in
all cases where the ditch has priority of right by location, the owners
of such claim or property shall be compelled to protect themselves from
any damages that might be created by said ditch, and the owner of such
claim shall be liable for any damages resulting to said ditch by reason
of the works or operations performed on such claim or property.

17‑12‑104.  Applicability of W.S. 17‑12‑101 through 17‑12‑104 to
existing companies.

This act shall apply to all ditch companies already formed and
incorporated under the laws of Wyoming.

17‑12‑105.  Authority of ditch and water companies to issue bonds and
mortgage property.

Every corporation organized under the laws of Wyoming for the purpose of
constructing or operating a system of waterworks, within the corporate
limits of any city or town, and every ditch and water company organized
under the laws of Wyoming shall have power, and is hereby authorized to
mortgage or execute deeds of trust in whole or in part, of their real
and personal property and franchises, to secure money borrowed by them
for the construction or operation of their waterworks, or ditches, and
may also issue their corporate bonds, to make all of said bonds payable
to bearer, or otherwise, negotiable by delivery and bearing interest at
such rates, and may sell the same at such rates and prices as they may
deem proper; and said bonds shall be made payable at such times, and the
principal and interest thereof may be made payable within or without
this state, at such place or places as may be determined upon by said
company.

17‑12‑106.  Certificate of flume company.

When any company shall organize under the provisions of this article to
form a company for the purpose of constructing a flume, their
certificate, in addition to the matters required in the first section of
this article, shall specify as follows: the place of beginning, the
termini and the route so near as may be, and the purpose for which such
flume is intended, and when organized according to the provisions of
this chapter, said company shall have the right‑of‑way over the line
proposed in such certificate for such flume; provided, it does not
conflict with the right of any farmer, fluming, ditching or other
company.

17‑12‑107.  Certificate of telegraph company.

Whenever any three (3) or more persons associate under the provisions of
this article, to form a company for the purpose of constructing a line
or lines of magnetic telegraph in this state, their certificate shall
specify as follows: the termini of such line or lines, and the counties
through which they shall pass; and such corporation is hereby authorized
to construct said telegraph line or lines from point to point along and
upon any of the public roads, by the erection of the necessary fixtures,
including posts, piers and abutments, necessary for the wires; provided,
that the same shall not incommode the public in the use of said roads or
highways.