CHAPTER 7

CHARITABLE, EDUCATIONAL, RELIGIOUS AND OTHER SOCIETIES

ARTICLE 1

IN GENERAL

17‑7‑101.  Repealed by Laws 1992, ch. 53, § 3.

17‑7‑102.  Repealed by Laws 1992, ch. 53, § 3.

17‑7‑103.  Repealed by Laws 1992, ch. 53, § 3.

17‑7‑104.  Repealed by Laws 1992, ch. 53, § 3.

17‑7‑105.  Repealed by Laws 1992, ch. 53, § 3.

17‑7‑106.  Repealed by Laws 1992, ch. 53, § 3.

17‑7‑107.  Repealed by Laws 1992, ch. 53, § 3.

17‑7‑108.  Repealed by Laws 1992, ch. 53, § 3.

17‑7‑109.  Repealed by Laws 1992, ch. 53, § 3.

17‑7‑110.  Repealed by Laws 1992, ch. 53, § 3.

17‑7‑111.  Repealed by Laws 1992, ch. 53, § 3.

17‑7‑112.  Repealed by Laws 1992, ch. 53, § 3.

17‑7‑113.  Repealed by Laws 1992, ch. 53, § 3.

17‑7‑114.  Repealed by Laws 1992, ch. 53, § 3.

17‑7‑115.  Repealed by Laws 1992, ch. 53, § 3.

17‑7‑116.  Repealed by Laws 1992, ch. 53, § 3.

ARTICLE 2

UNIFORM MANAGEMENT OF INSTITUTIONAL FUNDS ACT

17‑7‑201.  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 185, § 2.

17‑7‑202.  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 185, § 2.

17‑7‑203.  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 185, § 2.

17‑7‑204.  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 185, § 2.

17‑7‑205.  Repealed By Laws 2009, Ch. 185, § 2.

ARTICLE 3

UNIFORM PRUDENT MANAGEMENT OF INSTITUTIONAL FUNDS ACT

17‑7‑301.  Short title.

This act shall be known and may be cited as the Uniform Prudent
Management of Institutional Funds Act.

17‑7‑302.  Definitions.

(a)  As used in this act:

(i)  "Charitable purpose" means the relief of poverty, the advancement
of education or religion, the promotion of health, the promotion of a
governmental purpose or any other purpose the achievement of which is
beneficial to the community;

(ii)  "Endowment fund" means an institutional fund or part thereof that,
under the terms of a gift instrument, is not wholly expendable by the
institution on a current basis. The term does not include assets that an
institution designates as an endowment fund for its own use;

(iii)  "Gift instrument" means a record or records, including an
institutional solicitation, under which property is granted to,
transferred to or held by an institution as an institutional fund;

(iv)  "Institution" means:

(A)  A person, other than an individual, organized and operated
exclusively for charitable purposes;

(B)  A government or governmental subdivision, agency or instrumentality
to the extent that it holds funds exclusively for a charitable purpose;
or

(C)  A trust that had both charitable and noncharitable interests, after
all noncharitable interests have been terminated.

(v)  "Institutional fund" means a fund held by an institution
exclusively for charitable purposes. The term does not include:

(A)  Program-related assets;

(B)  A fund held for an institution by a trustee that is not an
institution; or

(C)  A fund in which a beneficiary that is not an institution has an
interest, other than an interest that could arise upon violation or
failure of the purposes of the fund.

(vi)  "Person" means as defined by W.S. 8‑1‑102;

(vii)  "Program-related asset" means an asset held by an institution
primarily to accomplish a charitable purpose of the institution and not
primarily for investment;

(viii)  "Record" means information that is inscribed on a tangible
medium or that is stored in an electronic or other medium and is
retrievable in perceivable form;

(ix)  "This act" means W.S. 17‑7-301 through 17‑7‑307.

17‑7‑303.  Standard of conduct in managing and investing institutional
fund.

(a)  Subject to the intent of a donor expressed in a gift instrument, an
institution, in managing and investing an institutional fund, shall
consider the charitable purposes of the institution and the purposes of
the institutional fund.

(b)  In addition to complying with the duty of loyalty imposed by law
other than this act, each person responsible for managing and investing
an institutional fund shall manage and invest the fund in good faith and
with the care an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would
exercise under similar circumstances.

(c)  In managing and investing an institutional fund, an institution:

(i)  May incur only costs that are appropriate and reasonable in
relation to the assets, the purposes of the institution and the skills
available to the institution; and

(ii)  Shall make a reasonable effort to verify facts relevant to the
management and investment of the fund.

(d)  An institution may pool two (2) or more institutional funds for
purposes of management and investment.

(e)  Except as otherwise provided by a gift instrument, the following
rules shall apply:

(i)  In managing and investing an institutional fund, the following
factors if relevant shall be considered:

(A)  General economic conditions;

(B)  The possible effect of inflation or deflation;

(C)  The expected tax consequences, if any, of investment decisions or
strategies;

(D)  The role that each investment or course of action plays within the
overall investment portfolio of the fund;

(E)  The expected total return from income and the appreciation of
investments;

(F)  Other resources of the institution;

(G)  The needs of the institution and the fund to make distributions and
to preserve capital; and

(H)  An asset's special relationship or special value, if any, to the
charitable purposes of the institution.

(ii)  Management and investment decisions about an individual asset
shall be made not in isolation but rather in the context of the
institutional fund's portfolio of investments as a whole and as a part
of an overall investment strategy having risk and return objectives
reasonably suited to the fund and to the institution;

(iii)  Except as otherwise provided by law other than this act, an
institution may invest in any kind of property or type of investment
consistent with this section;

(iv)  An institution shall diversify the investments of an institutional
fund unless the institution reasonably determines that, because of
special circumstances, the purposes of the fund are better served
without diversification;

(v)  Within a reasonable time after receiving property, an institution
shall make and carry out decisions concerning the retention or
disposition of the property or to rebalance a portfolio in order to
bring the institutional fund into compliance with the purposes, terms
and distribution requirements of the institution as necessary to meet
other circumstances of the institution and the requirements of this act;

(vi)  A person who has special skills or expertise, or is selected in
reliance upon the person's representation that the person has special
skills or expertise, has a duty to use those skills or that expertise in
managing and investing institutional funds.

17‑7‑304.  Appropriation for expenditure or accumulation of endowment
fund; rules of construction.

(a)  Subject to subsection (d) of this section and to the intent of a
donor expressed in the gift instrument, an institution may appropriate
for expenditure or accumulate so much of an endowment fund as the
institution determines is prudent for the uses, benefits, purposes and
duration for which the endowment fund is established. Unless stated
otherwise in the gift instrument, the assets in an endowment fund are
donor-restricted assets until appropriated for expenditure by the
institution. In making a determination to appropriate or accumulate, the
institution shall act in good faith, with the care that an ordinarily
prudent person in a like position would exercise under similar
circumstances, and shall consider, if relevant, the following factors:

(i)  The duration and preservation of the endowment fund;

(ii)  The purposes of the institution and the endowment fund;

(iii)  General economic conditions;

(iv)  The possible effect of inflation or deflation;

(v)  The expected total return from income and the appreciation of
investments;

(vi)  Other resources of the institution; and

(vii)  The investment policy of the institution.

(b)  To limit the authority to appropriate for expenditure or accumulate
under subsection (a) of this section, a gift instrument shall
specifically state the limitation.

(c)  Terms in a gift instrument designating a gift as an endowment, or a
direction or authorization in the gift instrument to use only "income",
"interest", "dividends", or "rents, issues or profits", or "to preserve
the principal intact" or words of similar import:

(i)  Create an endowment fund of permanent duration unless other
language in the gift instrument limits the duration or purpose of the
fund; and

(ii)  Do not otherwise limit the authority to appropriate for
expenditure or accumulate under subsection (a) of this section.

(d)  The appropriation for expenditure in any year of an amount greater
than seven percent (7%) of the fair market value of an endowment fund,
calculated on the basis of market values determined at least quarterly
and averaged over a period of not less than three (3) years immediately
preceding the year in which the appropriation for expenditure is made,
creates a rebuttable presumption of imprudence. For an endowment fund in
existence for fewer than three (3) years, the fair market value of the
endowment fund shall be calculated for the period the endowment fund has
been in existence. This subsection shall not:

(i)  Apply to an appropriation for expenditure permitted under law other
than this act or by the gift instrument; or

(ii)  Create a presumption of prudence for an appropriation for
expenditure of an amount less than or equal to seven percent (7%) of the
fair market value of the endowment fund.

17‑7‑305.  Delegation of management and investment functions.

(a)  Subject to any specific limitation set forth in a gift instrument
or in law other than this act, an institution may delegate to an
external agent the management and investment of an institutional fund to
the extent that an institution could prudently delegate under the
circumstances. An institution shall act in good faith, with the care
that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would exercise
under similar circumstances, in:

(i)  Selecting an agent;

(ii)  Establishing the scope and terms of the delegation, consistent
with the purposes of the institution and the institutional fund; and

(iii)  Periodically reviewing the agent's actions in order to monitor
the agent's performance and compliance with the scope and terms of the
delegation.

(b)  In performing a delegated function, an agent owes a duty to the
institution to exercise reasonable care to comply with the scope and
terms of the delegation.

(c)  An institution that complies with subsection (a) of this section is
not liable for the decisions or actions of an agent to which the
function was delegated.

(d)  By accepting delegation of a management or investment function from
an institution that is subject to the laws of this state, an agent
submits to the jurisdiction of the courts of this state in all
proceedings arising from or related to the delegation or the performance
of the delegated function.

(e)  An institution may delegate management and investment functions to
its committees, officers or employees as authorized by law of this state
other than this act.

17‑7‑306.  Release or modification of restrictions on management,
investment or purpose.

(a)  If the donor consents in a record, an institution may release or
modify, in whole or in part, a restriction contained in a gift
instrument on the management, investment or purpose of an institutional
fund. A release or modification may not allow a fund to be used for a
purpose other than a charitable purpose of the institution.

(b)  The court upon application of an institution, may modify a
restriction contained in a gift instrument regarding the management or
investment of an institutional fund if the restriction has become
impracticable or wasteful, if it impairs the management or investment of
the fund, or if, because of circumstances not anticipated by the donor,
a modification of a restriction will further the purposes of the fund.
If the institution is a governmental institution as defined by W.S.
17-7-302(a)(iv), the institution shall notify the attorney general of
the application, and the attorney general shall be given an opportunity
to be heard. To the extent practicable, any modification shall be made
in accordance with the donor's probable intention.

(c)  If a particular charitable purpose or a restriction contained in a
gift instrument on the use of an institutional fund becomes unlawful,
impracticable, impossible to achieve or wasteful, the court, upon
application of an institution, may modify the purpose of the fund or the
restriction on the use of the fund in a manner consistent with the
charitable purposes expressed in the gift instrument. If the institution
is a governmental institution as defined by W.S. 17‑7‑302(a)(iv), the
institution shall notify the attorney general of the application, and
the attorney general shall be given an opportunity to be heard.

(d)  If an institution determines that a restriction contained in a gift
instrument on the management, investment or purposes of an institutional
fund is unlawful, impracticable, impossible to achieve or wasteful, the
institution, not less than sixty (60) days after notification to the
attorney general, may release or modify the restriction, in whole or
part, if:

(i)  The institutional fund subject to the restriction has a total value
of less than twenty-five thousand dollars (\$25,000.00);

(ii)  More than twenty (20) years have elapsed since the fund was
established; and

(iii)  The institution uses the property in a manner consistent with the
charitable purposes expressed in the gift instrument.

17‑7‑307.  Reviewing compliance.

Compliance with this act shall be determined in light of the facts and
circumstances existing at the time a decision is made or action is
taken.