CHAPTER 26

CONVERSION

17‑26‑101.  Conversion of entities.

(a)  Any entity, domestic or foreign, may convert to any other entity,
domestic or foreign, pursuant to this section. As used in this section,
"entity" means any entity authorized to be formed under this title and
organized under the laws of this state or the laws of another state that
are the functional equivalent.

(b)  A domestic entity may be converted into any form of foreign entity
recognized in that foreign jurisdiction pursuant to this section.

(c)  A foreign entity may be converted into a domestic entity if the
conversion is authorized pursuant to the articles of incorporation,
articles of organization, certificate of limited partnership, articles
of association, registration statement or other document of similar
import filed or recorded by or for an entity in the jurisdiction in
which the entity is formed.

(d)  The converting domestic or foreign entity shall approve the terms
and conditions of the conversion in accord with the documents enumerated
in subsection (c) of this section.

(e)  After the conversion is approved, the newly converted domestic
entity shall file the appropriate document of organization as enumerated
in subsection (c) of this section and include:

(i)  Information that clearly names and identifies the converting entity
and the newly converted entity;

(ii)  The state of original formation and the date of original
organization; and

(iii)  Proof that conversion is approved by the owners or members of the
converting entity in accordance with the authority given the converting
entity.

(f)  The conversion takes effect when the appropriate document of
organization enumerated in subsection (c) of this section is filed or at
any later date specified in the document.

(g)  Upon conversion, all property owned by the converting entity
remains in the newly converted entity. All obligations of the converting
entity continue as obligations of the newly converted entity. Any action
or proceeding pending against the converting entity may be continued as
if the conversion had not occurred.