CHAPTER 18

WYOMING MANAGEMENT STABILITY ACT

ARTICLE 1

GENERAL PROVISIONS

17‑18‑101.  Short title.

This act shall be known and may be cited as the "Wyoming Management
Stability Act".

17‑18‑102.  Definitions.

(a)  The definitions used in the Wyoming Business Corporations Act (W.S.
17‑16‑101 through 17‑16‑1810) shall apply to this act unless
inconsistent with the definitions in this section.

(b)  As used in this act:

(i)  "Affiliate" means a person that directly, or indirectly through one
(1) or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under
common control with, another person;

(ii)  "Associate," when used to indicate a relationship with any person,
means:

(A)  Any entity of which the person is a director, officer or partner or
is, directly or indirectly, the owner of ten percent (10%) or more of
any class of voting stock or similar securities of the entity;

(B)  Any trust or other estate in which the person has at least a ten
percent (10%) beneficial interest or as to which such person serves as
trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity; or

(C)  Any relative or spouse of the person, or any relative of the
spouse, who has the same residence as the person or who is a director or
officer of the person or any of its affiliates.

(iii)  "Beneficial owner of a security" means any person who, directly
or indirectly, has the power to vote or direct the voting of all or part
of the voting rights of the security, or has the power to dispose of or
direct the disposition of the security;

(iv)  "Business combination," when used in reference to any corporation
and any interested stockholder of that corporation, means:

(A)  Any merger, consolidation or share exchange of the corporation or
any subsidiary with:

(I)  The interested stockholder;

(II)  A foreign or domestic corporation that is, or after the merger,
consolidation or share exchange would be, an affiliate or associate of
the interested stockholder; or

(III)  Another corporation, if the merger, consolidation or share
exchange is caused by an interested stockholder, and as a result of the
merger, consolidation or share exchange any section of this act does not
apply to the surviving corporation.

(B)  Any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other
disposition, in one (1) transaction or a series of transactions, except
proportionately as a stockholder of the corporation, to or with the
interested stockholder or any affiliate or associate of the interested
stockholder, whether as part of a dissolution or otherwise, of assets of
the corporation or of any subsidiary which assets:

(I)  Have an aggregate market value equal to ten percent (10%) or more
of either the aggregate market value of all the assets of the
corporation determined on a consolidated basis or the aggregate market
value of all the outstanding stock of the corporation;

(II)  Have an aggregate book value equal to ten percent (10%) or more of
either the aggregate book value of all the assets of the corporation
determined on a consolidated basis or of the aggregate stockholders
equity of the corporation; or

(III)  Represent ten percent (10%) or more of the earning power or net
income, determined on a consolidated basis, of the corporation.

(C)  Any transaction or series of transactions which results in the
issuance or transfer by the corporation, or by any subsidiary, of any
stock of the corporation or of the subsidiary to the interested
stockholder except:

(I)  Any transaction pursuant to the exercise, exchange or conversion of
securities into stock of the corporation or any subsidiary, which
securities before the stockholder became an interested stockholder were
outstanding and exercisable for or convertible into the stock; or

(II)  Any of the following transactions provided there is no increase in
the interested stockholder's proportionate share of the corporation's
stock of any class or series or of the corporation's voting stock:

(1)  Pursuant to a distribution made, or the exercise, exchange or
conversion of securities into stock of the corporation or any subsidiary
of securities distributed, pro rata to all holders of a class or series
of stock of the corporation, after the stockholder became an interested
stockholder;

(2)  Pursuant to an exchange offer by the corporation to purchase stock
made on the same terms to all holders of the stock; or

(3)  Any issuance or transfer of stock by the corporation.

(D)  Any transaction involving the corporation or any subsidiary which
has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate
share of the corporation's or a subsidiary's stock of any class or
series, or securities convertible into the stock of any class or series,
owned by the interested stockholder, except as a result of immaterial
changes due to fractional share adjustments or as a result of any
purchase or redemption of any shares of stock not caused, directly or
indirectly, by the interested stockholder;

(E)  Any receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit, directly
or indirectly, except proportionately as a stockholder of the
corporation, of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other
financial assistance, or a tax credit or other tax advantage, other than
those expressly permitted in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of this
paragraph, provided by or through the corporation or any subsidiary; or

(F)  The adoption of a plan or a proposal for the liquidation and
dissolution of the corporation proposed by, or pursuant to an agreement,
arrangement, or understanding, whether or not in writing, with an
interested stockholder or an affiliate or associate of the interested
stockholder.

(v)  "Control," including the term "controlling," "controlled by" and
"under common control with," means the possession, directly or
indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the
management and policies of a person, whether through the ownership of
voting stock, by contract or otherwise. A person who is the owner of ten
percent (10%) or more of an entity's outstanding voting stock or similar
interests shall be presumed to have control of the entity, in the
absence of proof by a preponderance of the evidence to the contrary. A
presumption of control shall not apply where the person holds voting
stock or similar interests, in good faith and not for the purpose of
circumventing this act, as an agent, bank, broker, nominee, custodian or
trustee for one (1) or more owners who do not individually or as a group
have control of the other person;

(vi)  "Equity security" means:

(A)  Any share or similar security carrying, at the time of the takeover
offer, the right to vote on any matter by virtue of the articles of
incorporation, bylaws, or governing instrument of the target company or
the right to vote for directors or persons performing substantially
similar functions by operation of law;

(B)  Any security convertible into a security described in subparagraph
(A) of this paragraph or any warrant or right to purchase that security;
or

(C)  Any other security which, for the protection of investors, is an
equity security pursuant to regulation of the secretary of state.

(vii)  "Interested stockholder":

(A)  Means any person and the affiliates and associates of the person,
other than the corporation and any subsidiary, that:

(I)  Is the owner of fifteen percent (15%) or more of the outstanding
voting stock of the corporation; or

(II)  Is an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was the owner
of fifteen percent (15%) or more of the outstanding voting stock of the
corporation at any time within the three (3) year period immediately
before it is to be determined whether the person is an interested
stockholder.

(B)  But does not mean:

(I)  Any person who:

(1)  Owned shares in excess of the fifteen percent (15%) limitation as
of January 1, 1990, acquired shares pursuant to a tender offer commenced
prior to January 1, 1989, or owned shares pursuant to an exchange offer
announced prior to January 1, 1989 and commenced within ninety (90)
days; and

(2)  Continued to own shares in excess of the fifteen percent (15%)
limitation or would have but for action by the corporation.

(II)  Any person who acquired the shares from a person described in
subdivision (B)(I) of this paragraph by gift, inheritance or in a
transaction in which no consideration was exchanged; or

(III)  Any person whose ownership of shares in excess of the fifteen
percent (15%) limitation is the result of action taken solely by the
corporation provided that the person shall be an interested stockholder
if, after the corporate action, he acquires additional voting stock of
the corporation, except as a result of further corporate action not
caused, directly or indirectly, by that person.

(viii)  "Large publicly traded corporation" means a corporation which
had assets at the end of its most recent fiscal year of at least ten
million dollars (\$10,000,000.00) according to generally accepted
accounting principles and which:

(A)  Has a class of voting stock listed on a national securities
exchange;

(B)  Has a class of voting stock authorized for quotation on an inter
dealer quotation system of a registered national securities association;
or

(C)  Has a class of voting stock held of record by more than one
thousand (1,000) stockholders.

(ix)  "Offeree" means a record or beneficial owner of equity securities
of the class which an offeror acquires or offers to acquire in
connection with a takeover offer;

(x)  "Offeror" means a person who makes or in any way participates in
making a takeover offer. The term includes all affiliates of that person
and all persons who act jointly or in concert with that person for the
purpose of acquiring, holding or disposing of, or exercising any voting
rights attached to, the equity securities of a target company. It also
includes the target company with respect to acquisitions of its own
equity securities and with respect to periods of time when it is
controlled by or under common control with the offeror. It does not
include a financial institution or broker‑dealer loaning funds or
extending credit to any offeror in the ordinary course of its business,
or any accountant, attorney, financial institution, broker‑dealer,
newspaper or magazine of general circulation, consultant, or other
person furnishing information, services, or advice to or performing
ministerial or administrative duties for an offeror and not otherwise
participating in the takeover offer;

(xi)  "Owner" including the terms "own" and "owned" when used with
respect to any stock means a person that individually or with or through
any of its affiliates or associates:

(A)  Beneficially owns the stock, directly or indirectly;

(B)  Has the right to acquire the stock, whether the right is
exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time, pursuant to
any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon the exercise of
conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise. A
person shall not be deemed the owner of stock tendered pursuant to a
tender or exchange offer made by that person or any of that person's
affiliates or associates until the tendered stock is accepted for
purchase or exchange;

(C)  Has the right to vote the stock pursuant to any agreement,
arrangement or understanding. A person shall not be deemed the owner of
any stock because of the person's right to vote the stock if the
agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote the stock arises solely
from a revocable proxy or consent given in response to a proxy or
consent solicitation made to ten (10) or more persons; or

(D)  Has any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of
acquiring, holding, voting, except voting pursuant to a revocable proxy
or consent as described in subparagraph (C) of this paragraph, or
disposing of that stock with any other person that beneficially owns, or
whose affiliates or associates beneficially own, directly or indirectly,
that stock.

(xii)  "Qualified corporation" means any large publicly traded
corporation, incorporated in Wyoming, and which has substantial business
operations within Wyoming;

(xiii)  "Stockholder" means "shareholder" as defined by W.S.
17‑16‑140(a)(xxxix);

(xiv)  "Subsidiary" means a corporation or other person of which a
majority of the outstanding voting stock or similar securities are
owned, directly or indirectly, by the corporation;

(xv)  "Substantial business operations within the state of Wyoming"
means:

(A)  At least ten percent (10%) of the corporation's full‑time permanent
employees are employed within the state;

(B)  At least one hundred (100) full‑time permanent employees are
employed within the state;

(C)  At least ten million dollars (\$10,000,000.00) in fair market value
of the corporation's assets are deposited within Wyoming financial
institutions;

(D)  The principal operating headquarters and the primary offices of the
chief executive officer are within Wyoming; or

(E)  The corporation has a combination of assets deposited within
Wyoming financial institutions, assets assessed for ad valorem taxation
within Wyoming, and assets within Wyoming not subject to ad valorem
taxation which are sufficient to cause the corporation to pay the tax
required by W.S. 17‑16‑1630(a). The payment of the tax required by W.S.
17‑16‑1630(a) shall be deemed conclusive evidence of substantial
business operations within Wyoming.

(xvi)  "Substantially equivalent terms" means terms under which the fair
market value of the consideration offered any offeree of a class of
equity securities of the target company, determined on a per share or a
per unit basis, are equal to the highest consideration offered in
connection with a takeover offer to any other offeree of that class,
determined on a per share or per unit basis;

(xvii)  "Takeover offer" means an offer to acquire or an acquisition of
any equity security of a target company pursuant to a tender offer or
request or invitation for tenders, if, after the acquisition, the
offeror is or will be directly or indirectly a record or beneficial
owner of more than ten percent (10%) of any class of the outstanding
equity securities of the target company;

(xviii)  "Target company" means a qualified corporation other than:

(A)  A financial institution subject to regulation by the state banking
commissioner, if the takeover offer is subject to approval by the state
banking commissioner;

(B)  A corporation subject to regulation by the public service
commission, if the takeover offer is subject to approval of the public
service commission; or

(C)  A public utility, public utility holding company, bank holding
company, or savings and loan association subject to regulation by a
federal agency if the takeover offer is subject to the approval by that
federal agency.

(xix)  "Voting stock" means:

(A)  For purposes other than determining whether a person is an
interested stockholder, stock of any class or series entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors;

(B)  For purposes of determining whether a person is an interested
stockholder, stock deemed to be owned by the person but shall not
include any other unissued stock of the corporation which may be
issuable pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or
upon exercise of conversion rights, warrants or options, or otherwise.

(xx)  "This act" means W.S. 17‑18‑101 through 17‑18‑403.

(c)  For the purpose of determining whether a person is an interested
stockholder as defined in paragraph (b)(vii) of this section, the number
of voting stock of the corporation considered outstanding includes stock
considered owned by that person, but does not include other unissued
voting stock of the qualified corporation that may be issuable pursuant
to an agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon exercise of
conversion rights, warrants or options, or otherwise.

17‑18‑103.  Requirements to choose options.

(a)  Any qualified corporation may elect to exercise or not to exercise
any of the options set forth in articles 1 and 2 of this act. No
elections for an option shall be made if the corporation does not meet
the criteria of a qualified corporation at the time of the election. Any
elections made under articles 1 and 2 of this act may be terminated in
the same manner as the elections are made subject to the restrictions of
this act.

(b)  If a corporation ceases to have substantial business operations
within Wyoming, any election made under articles 1 and 2 of this act
shall be null and void until the substantial business operations are
restored and maintained for at least ninety (90) days. If the
corporation terminates substantial business operations in Wyoming for
the purpose of terminating an election under articles 1 and 2 of this
act, the election shall remain in effect. If a corporation terminates
substantial business operations within Wyoming for the purpose of
voiding the restrictions on business combinations with interested
stockholders provided by W.S. 17‑18‑104, the restrictions shall remain
in effect.

(c)  If a corporation ceases to be a qualified corporation because it is
no longer a large publicly traded corporation due to insufficient assets
required by the definition provided in W.S. 17‑18‑102(b)(viii), at the
end of a fiscal year any election made under articles 1 and 2 of this
act and the requirements of W.S. 17‑18‑104 and article 3 of this act
shall be null and void sixty (60) days after the end of the following
fiscal year unless sufficient assets are again present at the end of
that fiscal year.

(d)  If a corporation ceases to be a qualified corporation because it is
no longer a large publicly traded corporation due to failure to meet the
class of voting stock requirements required by the definition provided
in W.S. 17‑18‑102(b)(viii), the corporation shall continue to be subject
to W.S. 17‑18‑104 and article 3 of this act for five (5) years and any
election made under articles 1 and 2 of this act prior to the failure to
meet the criteria shall be null and void five (5) years from the date of
the failure to meet the criteria. If the criteria are again met the
election shall become effective and the corporation shall continue to be
subject to W.S. 17‑18‑104.

17‑18‑104.  Option; restrictions on business combinations.

(a)  Every qualified corporation is subject to the restrictions on
business combinations with interested stockholders provided in this
section unless the corporation elects not to be subject to the
restrictions. A corporation which is not a qualified corporation may
elect not to be subject to the restrictions on business combinations in
the event it becomes a qualified corporation. The election shall be made
either:

(i)  Through a specific provision in the articles of incorporation;

(ii)  Through a statement in the bylaws that the corporation elects not
to be subject to the restrictions in W.S. 17‑18‑104(b). This election
shall be effective immediately upon adoption of the bylaws, unless the
articles of incorporation provide otherwise; or

(iii)  By filing a statement making the election with the secretary of
state. This election shall be authorized by the corporation's board of
directors and shall be effective from the date of filing with the
secretary of state.

(b)  A qualified corporation shall not, directly or indirectly, enter
into or engage in any business combination with any interested
stockholder or any affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder
for a period of three (3) years after the date the stockholder became an
interested stockholder, unless:

(i)  Prior to the time the stockholder became an interested stockholder,
the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business
combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder
becoming an interested stockholder; or

(ii)  Repealed by Laws 1990, ch. 62, §§ 2, 3.

(iii)  On or after the time the stockholder became an interested
stockholder, the business combination is approved by the board of
directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of
stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at
least two‑thirds (2/3) of the outstanding voting stock which is not
owned by the interested stockholder.

(c)  The restrictions contained in this section shall not apply if:

(i)  A stockholder becomes an interested stockholder inadvertently and
as soon as practical divests sufficient stocks so that he ceases to be
an interested stockholder, and would not, at any time within the three
(3) year period immediately before a business combination between the
corporation and the stockholder, have been an interested stockholder but
for the inadvertent acquisition;

(ii)  Repealed by Laws 1990, ch. 62, §§ 2, 3.

(d)  The election not to be subject to the restrictions on business
combinations may be revoked in the same manner as the elections are
made. With respect to any interested stockholder the election not to be
subject to the restrictions shall not be effective for a period of three
(3) years after the date that the stockholder became an interested
stockholder.

17‑18‑105.  Option; shareholder takeover protection provisions.

(a)  Any qualified corporation is subject to the shareholder takeover
protection provisions listed in W.S. 17‑18‑105 through 17‑18‑111 unless
the corporation elects not to be subject to the restrictions. A
corporation which is not a qualified corporation may elect not to be
subject to the shareholder takeover provisions in the event it becomes a
qualified corporation. The election shall be made either:

(i)  Through a specific provision in the articles of incorporation;

(ii)  Through a statement in the bylaws that the corporation elects not
to be subject to the restrictions in W.S. 17‑18‑105 through 17‑18‑111.
This election shall be effective immediately upon adoption of the
bylaws, unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise; or

(iii)  By filing a statement making the election with the secretary of
state. This election shall be authorized by the corporation's board of
directors and shall be effective from the date of filing with the
secretary of state.

(b)  If a takeover offer is outstanding and in progress at the time the
election becomes effective, all further acquisition of stock by the
offeror shall cease until the offer is in compliance with the
stockholder takeover protection provision of W.S. 17‑18‑105 through
17‑18‑111. The offeror may take any steps necessary to comply with these
provisions before the election becomes effective.

(c)  The election not to be subject to the shareholder takeover
provisions of W.S. 17‑18‑105 through 17‑18‑111 may be revoked by the
same method employed under subsection (a) of this section for making the
election.

17‑18‑106.  Statement; consent to service of process; filing fee; copy
to target company.

(a)  The offeror, before making a takeover offer, shall file with the
secretary of state a statement in compliance with subsection (b) of this
section and a consent to service of process. The offeror shall pay a
filing fee of seven hundred fifty dollars (\$750.00) and shall, not
later than the filing date of the statement, deliver a copy of the
statement to the target company at its principal office and, if
different, to its Wyoming registered agent for service of process.

(b)  If a takeover offer is subject to any federal law, the statement
shall be one (1) copy of each document required to be filed with the
securities and exchange commission and any other federal agency. If the
takeover offer is not subject to any requirement of federal law, the
statement shall be filed on forms prescribed by the secretary of state
and shall contain the following information:

(i)  The identity of and material information concerning the offeror,
including:

(A)  If the offeror is a corporation, information concerning its
organization, including the year and jurisdiction of its organization, a
description of each class of its capital stock and long‑term debt, a
description of the business done by the offeror and its affiliates and
any material changes of its business during the past three (3) years, a
description of the location and character of the principal properties of
the offeror and its affiliates, a description of any material pending
legal or administrative proceedings in which the offeror or any of its
affiliates is a party, the names of all directors and executive officers
of the offeror and their material business activities and affiliations
during the past three (3) years, and audited financial statements of the
offeror and its affiliates for its three (3) most recent annual
accounting periods and interim financial statements for any current
period;

(B)  If the offeror is not a corporation, information concerning the
person's background, including his material business activities and
affiliations during the past three (3) years, and a description of any
material pending legal or administrative proceeding in which he is a
party.

(ii)  The source and amount of funds or other consideration used or to
be used in acquiring any equity security, including a statement
describing any securities which are being offered in exchange for the
equity securities of the target company, and, if any part of the
acquisition price is or will be represented by borrowed funds or other
consideration, a description of the transaction and the names of all the
parties;

(iii)  If the purpose of the acquisition is to gain control of the
target company, a statement of any plans or proposals or negotiations
with respect to the acquisition which the offeror has upon gaining
control to liquidate the target company, sell its assets, effect its
merger or consolidation, or make any other major change in its business,
corporate structure, management or personnel;

(iv)  The number of shares or units of any equity security of the target
company of which each offeror is the record or beneficial owner or which
the offeror has a right to acquire, directly or indirectly;

(v)  Information as to any contracts, arrangements, understandings or
negotiations with any person concerning any equity security of the
target company, including transfers of any equity security, joint
ventures, loan or option arrangements, puts and calls, guarantees of
loan, guarantees against loss, guarantees of profits, division of losses
or profits, or the giving or withholding of proxies, naming the persons
with whom those contracts, arrangements or understandings have been
entered;

(vi)  Information as to any contracts, arrangements, understandings or
negotiations, with any person who is an officer, director,
administrator, manager, executive employee, or record or beneficial
owner of equity securities of the target company with respect to the
tender of any equity securities of the target company, the purchase by
the offeror of any equity securities owned by that person otherwise than
pursuant to the takeover offer, the retention of any person in his
present position or in any other management position or with respect to
that person giving or withholding a favorable recommendation to the
takeover offer;

(vii)  A description of the provisions made or to be made for providing
all material information concerning the takeover offer to the offerees,
including a description of the proposed takeover offer in the form
proposed to be published or sent to the offerees initially disclosing
the takeover offer; and

(viii)  Any other information which the secretary of state prescribes by
regulation.

17‑18‑107.  Takeover offers; substantially equivalent terms to all
offerees of same class.

No takeover offer shall be made which is not made to all offerees
holding the same class of equity securities of the target company on
substantially equivalent terms. A takeover offer to purchase less than
all equity securities of the same class of the outstanding equity
securities of the target company is not considered as having been made
to all offerees of that class on substantially equivalent terms if the
pro rata portion of equity securities of that class tendered by any
offeree which will be accepted by the offeror is not equal to the
highest pro rata portion of equity securities of that class tendered by
any other offeree which will be accepted by the offeror. A takeover
offer permitting offerees to elect to receive one (1) or more differing
kinds of consideration is not considered as having been made to all
offerees holding the same class of equity securities of the target
company on substantially equivalent terms if proration occurs and the
pro rata share of any one (1) or more differing kinds of consideration
which is allocable to any offeree is not equal to the highest pro rata
share allocable to any other offeree.

17‑18‑108.  Waiting period after offer; no purchase or payment in
violation of order.

No stock shall be contracted for, purchased or paid for pursuant to a
takeover offer within the first twenty (20) business days after the
offer is made. No shares shall be purchased or paid for in violation of
any order of the secretary of state.

17‑18‑109.  Waiting period after takeover; no acquisitions of equity
securities of target company.

No offeror may acquire in any manner any equity security of any class of
a target company at any time within two (2) years following the
conclusion of a takeover offer with respect to that class, including but
not limited to acquisitions made by purchase, exchange, merger,
consolidation, partial or complete liquidation, redemption, reverse
stock split, and any other recapitalization or reorganization, unless
the holder of that equity security is also afforded, at the time of that
acquisition, a reasonable opportunity to dispose of that security to the
offeror upon substantially equivalent terms. If a takeover offer is made
or concluded while the election to be subject to the shareholder
takeover protection provisions is in effect, the requirement of this
section shall remain in effect for two (2) years following the
conclusion of the takeover offer even if the election is subsequently
terminated.

17‑18‑110.  Takeover offer; untrue statements or omission of material
facts unlawful.

In connection with any takeover offer, or any solicitation of offerees
in opposition to or in favor of any takeover offer, it is unlawful for
any person to make any untrue statement of a material fact or to omit to
state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made,
in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading, or to engage in any fraudulent, deceptive or manipulative
acts or practices.

17‑18‑111.  Exemptions to takeover requirements; burden of establishing
entitlement.

(a)  Even if a corporation has elected to be subject to the provisions
of W.S. 17‑18‑106 through 17‑18‑110 do not apply to the following:

(i)  An acquisition by an offeror, if the instant transaction and all
acquisitions of equity securities of the same class during the preceding
twelve (12) months by the offeror or any of its affiliates do not exceed
two percent (2%) of that class; or

(ii)  An acquisition determined by order of the secretary of state to be
a takeover offer that is not made for the purpose of, and not having the
effect of, changing or influencing the control of a target company.

(b)  An order may only be adopted under paragraph (a)(ii) of this
section after a hearing pursuant to W.S. 17‑18‑113.

(c)  The burden of establishing entitlement to any exemption is on the
offeror.

17‑18‑112.  Administration; regulations; rulemaking authority;
individual liability of state officers or employees prohibited.

(a)  This act shall be administered by the secretary of state of
Wyoming.

(b)  The secretary of state may promulgate reasonable rules and
regulations necessary to carry out the purposes of this act.

(c)  Neither the secretary of state, nor any of his employees, shall be
liable in their individual capacity, except to the state of Wyoming, for
any act done or omitted in connection with the performance of their
respective duties under the provisions of this act.

17‑18‑113.  Hearing; order of secretary of state prohibiting or
conditioning purchase.

(a)  Whenever it appears to the secretary of state that any person has
acted or is about to act in a manner constituting a violation of any
provision of this act or any rule or regulation adopted pursuant to this
act, the secretary of state shall call a hearing to investigate the
matter. Any interested person may petition the secretary of state for a
hearing if that person reasonably believes a violation of W.S. 17‑18‑105
through 17‑18‑111 has or is about to occur, or for purposes of W.S.
17‑18‑111(b).

(b)  At least five (5) days notice that a hearing will be held under
this section shall be given to the target company, the offeror, and
other persons as the secretary of state may designate.

(c)  The expenses, including the cost of transcripts and all expenses of
the state, of all hearings held under this section shall be borne by the
offeror. As security for the payment of these expenses, the offeror
shall file with the secretary of state an acceptable bond or other
deposit in an amount to be determined by the secretary of state.

(d)  The target company, the offeror, any offeree, and any other person
whose interests may be affected have the right to appear at any hearing
held pursuant to this section, and to become a party to the proceeding.
Any person appearing at or party to the hearing has the rights granted
in the Wyoming Administrative Procedure Act.

(e)  If the secretary of state finds by a preponderance of the evidence
that the takeover statement fails to provide full and fair disclosure to
the offerees of all material information concerning the takeover offer
or that the takeover offer is not made to all offerees of the same class
of equity securities of the target company on substantially equivalent
terms, he shall by order prohibit the purchase of shares tendered in
response to the takeover offer or condition purchase upon changes or
modifications.

(f)  In the case of a takeover offer subject to the approval of the
insurance commissioner, the offeror within five (5) days after the
statement is filed shall mail a notice to all offerees of the target
company advising them of the general terms and conditions of the
takeover offer and the date of the hearing at which they may appear. No
shares shall be contracted for, purchased or paid for until after
approval by both the secretary of state and the insurance commissioner.
All expenses of notifying the offerees shall be paid by the offeror.

17‑18‑114.  Remedies of secretary of state, offerors, target companies
and equity security owners for violations of law.

(a)  Whenever it appears to the secretary of state that any person has
engaged or is about to engage in any act or practice constituting a
violation of any provision of this act or any rule or regulation or
order adopted under this act, the secretary of state may investigate and
issue orders and notices, including temporary ex parte cease and desist
orders without notice. In addition to all other remedies, he may bring
an action in any district court in the name and on behalf of the state
of Wyoming against any person or persons participating in or about to
participate in a violation of this act to enjoin those persons from
continuing or doing any act in violation of this act or to enforce
compliance with this act. In any court proceedings the Wyoming Rules of
Civil Procedure shall apply.

(b)  Whenever it is reasonably believed that any person has engaged or
is about to engage in any act or practice constituting a violation of
this act or any regulation or order adopted under this act, the offeror,
target company or any record or beneficial owner of an equity security
of the target company may bring an action in the district court of the
county where the target company has its principal office or Natrona
county to enjoin that person from continuing or doing any act in
violation of this act or to enforce compliance with this act.

(c)  Upon a proper showing, the court may grant a permanent or
preliminary injunction or temporary restraining order or may order
rescission of any sales, tenders for sale, purchases or tenders for
purchase of equity securities determined to be unlawful under this act
or any rule or regulation or order of the secretary of state. The court
shall not require the secretary of state to post a bond.

17‑18‑115.  Judicial review.

An appeal may be taken by any offeror, target company, or other party to
any proceeding before the secretary of state from any final order of the
secretary of state by filing a petition for review within thirty (30)
days after entry of the final order complained of pursuant to the
provisions of the Wyoming Administrative Procedure Act (W.S. 16‑3‑101
through 16‑3‑115).

17‑18‑116.  Proxies.

(a)  Any qualified corporation may in its articles of incorporation
restrict or prohibit the use of proxies to vote shares. The restriction
or prohibition may be effective for:

(i)  All meetings;

(ii)  All meetings and issues with any specific exceptions the board of
directors authorizes; or

(iii)  Any meetings or any issues or both that the board of directors
specifies.

(b)  The restriction or prohibitions on the use of proxies apply only to
meetings including adjournments of meetings held within the state of
Wyoming.

(c)  Notwithstanding any prohibition or restriction on the use of
proxies, the beneficial owner of any shares entitled to vote shall
always be entitled to vote the shares in person. If the beneficial owner
of the shares is a minor or is incompetent, the shares may be voted in
person by a trustee, a guardian, or a parent acting as trustee under the
Wyoming Uniform Transfers to Minors Act or a similar act. If the
beneficial owner of the shares is an entity other than a natural person,
the shares may be voted by any duly authorized officer of that entity.

(d)  Any restrictions imposed on persons who may be appointed to act as
proxies shall not discriminate on their face in favor of management and
against any shareholders opposed to management.

(e)  The board may restrict appointment as proxies to specific
individuals designated by the corporation provided:

(i)  Shareholders are given the opportunity to give binding instructions
as to how the shares are to be voted on any issues or in any elections
that management is aware of at least thirty (30) days before it mails
materials seeking proxies;

(ii)  The corporation serves notice in writing on any shareholder who
has requested in writing the notice within the past year of the deadline
for submission of material on any issue that may arise at the meeting.
The notice shall be given at least ten (10) days before the deadline;

(iii)  The individuals designated for appointment as proxies agree to
vote all valid proxies according to the shareholder instructions given;
and

(iv)  A meeting may not be adjourned sine die to prevent a vote on an
issue if a quorum is present and the required majority either by proxy
or in person has had an opportunity to indicate and has indicated an
intention to vote against the recommendation of the board or management
of the corporation on that issue.

(f)  If the articles of incorporation permit the board to impose
restrictions on the use of proxies and a court orders a shareholder's
meeting, the board may still impose the restrictions provided if it does
so within ten (10) days of the meeting or within half the total number
of days between the date of the court order and the date of the meeting,
whichever is less. The time periods for notice of issues and mailing
deadlines set forth in subsection (e) of this section shall not apply to
court ordered meetings.

17‑18‑117.  Voting indirectly owned shares.

Effective January 1, 1990, notwithstanding W.S. 17‑16‑721(b) a qualified
corporation may elect to allow the voting of shares which are owned
directly or indirectly by a second corporation, a majority of whose
shares entitled to vote for directors of the second corporation are
owned by the first corporation. The election shall be made in the
articles of incorporation as amended. The number of such shares that may
be voted is limited to forty percent (40%) of the total shares of that
class outstanding.

17‑18‑118.  Shareholder lists.

(a)  Notwithstanding W.S. 17‑16‑720 a qualified corporation in its
bylaws may restrict access to the shareholder's list to a period
beginning two (2) days after the notice of the meeting for which the
list was prepared or ten (10) days before the date of the meeting
whichever is less.

(b)  A qualified corporation in its bylaws may deny shareholders the
right to copy the list of shareholders prior to the meeting provided
that:

(i)  Arrangements are made for an independent firm to provide to
shareholders any information any stockholder wants to send them relative
to the matters to be considered at the meeting provided the stockholder
pays for the mailing and provides the material in a timely fashion; and

(ii)  The list is made available at the shareholder's expense to any
shareholder at or after the meeting who is bringing a legal challenge to
the right of any other shareholder to vote at the meeting; and

(iii)  The list is available for inspection but not copying as provided
by subsection (a) of this section and at the meeting. The making of
handwritten copies by the shareholder or his attorney of the names and
addresses of individual shareholders shall not be construed as copying
within the meaning of this subsection.

(c)  A qualified corporation may take any other steps it deems
reasonable or necessary to prevent the use of its shareholder lists for
purposes not related to issues under consideration at a shareholder
meeting.

17‑18‑119.  Special meeting request exceptions.

(a)  Notwithstanding W.S. 17‑16‑702 and 17‑16‑703 a qualified
corporation may in its bylaws:

(i)  Set a higher percentage of shares not to exceed fifty percent (50%)
that must petition in order to call a special meeting than is provided
by W.S. 17‑16‑702;

(ii)  Provide a longer period between the receipt of the request for a
special meeting and the date that notice of the meeting is given than is
allowed by W.S. 17‑16‑703(a)(ii)(A);

(iii)  Give the board discretion to require that the issues for which a
special meeting is requested be considered instead at the next annual
meeting if the request for the special meeting is made within a number
of days of the annual meeting specified in the bylaws.

17‑18‑120.  Annual meeting purposes.

In addition to the limitations on the matters that may be considered at
annual meetings otherwise allowed by statute a qualified corporation may
in its bylaws authorize the board to further limit the matters which an
annual meeting may consider. The limitations shall not include
elimination of the election of directors whose terms expire at the
annual meeting. The limitations may take the form of excluding specified
matters from consideration, allowing consideration of only certain
specified matters, or requiring advance notice of the consideration of
certain matters.

17‑18‑121.  Action by less than a quorum.

(a)  Stockholders present or represented by proxy at an annual or
special meeting of a qualified corporation at which a quorum is not
present may take only the following actions:

(i)  Ratify or reject the independent auditors selected by the board if
the corporation's bylaws or articles of incorporation require approval
of the auditors by a stockholder's meeting;

(ii)  With the consent of the officer presiding at the meeting, receive
or hear any reports on the affairs of the corporation that may be
presented;

(iii)  Within the constraints of the time allowed on the agenda, ask
questions concerning the affairs of the corporation of any officer or
board member present;

(iv)  Adjourn or recess the meeting to allow time to assemble a quorum,
but they may not adjourn or recess to a different city and the total of
all the adjournments and recesses may not exceed two (2) business days
without the consent of the board of directors;

(v)  If a quorum is not present, may adjourn the meeting sine die,
provided the motion to adjourn sine die shall not be in order until at
least two (2) hours have passed since the time specified for the start
of the meeting and the time at which the meeting was called to order.

(b)  If an annual meeting of a qualified corporation is adjourned sine
die without achieving a quorum, the requirement of W.S. 17‑16‑701 to
hold an annual meeting is satisfied. The board of directors may call a
second annual meeting to take the place of the one adjourned without a
quorum, but the board is not obligated to do so unless required to do so
by the bylaws or articles of incorporation.

(c)  If a special meeting of a qualified corporation is adjourned sine
die without achieving a quorum or without achieving the quorum necessary
to do all or part of the business for which the meeting was required,
the board of directors may call another special meeting, but is not
obligated to do so unless required by the bylaws or articles of
incorporation. The remedy of a stockholder aggrieved by a failure of the
board to call another special meeting shall be to follow the procedures
necessary for calling a new special meeting.

(d)  If different quorums are required for different matters, the
absence of a quorum on one (1) issue shall not affect the ability of the
meeting to act on other issues where a quorum is present.

ARTICLE 2

BONDHOLDER PROTECTION PROVISIONS

17‑18‑201.  Protection provisions; applicability; defined.

(a)  A qualified corporation may, if its articles of incorporation
authorize it to utilize the bondholder protection provisions of this
act, utilize any of the provisions set forth in subsection (b) of this
section. These protections shall apply only to bonds, debentures or
other debt instruments whose original aggregate value at maturity is
equal to or greater than five million dollars (\$5,000,000.00) and whose
original term is two (2) years or greater. Any number of bondholder
protection provisions may be in effect at any time.

(b)  A qualified corporation may provide bondholder protection by
requiring any or all of the following:

(i)  Bondholder approval of the replacement of more than twenty‑four
percent (24%) of the directors in any twelve (12) month period. The
filling of vacancies created by the death or resignation of directors
shall not be counted against the twenty‑four percent (24%) limit
provided that those vacancies are filled by nominees of the board of
directors. If more than twenty‑four percent (24%) of the directors are
to be replaced, the approval of holders of a majority of the bonds shall
be obtained in writing at the meeting where the directors are to be
replaced or no more than thirty (30) days prior to the meeting. The
consent of the bondholders shall be obtained to exceeding the
twenty‑four percent (24%) limit rather than to the individual directors
to be replaced. If consent is denied, which directors are to be replaced
shall be determined by the relative number of votes for each director by
shares entitled to vote;

(ii)  Bondholder consent to any merger or acquisition which the
corporation may be subject to or which the corporation may make, subject
to the following:

(A)  The notice of bondholder protection shall specify the size of
merger or acquisition at or above which the bondholder consent is
required. The size may vary depending on whether the company is the
acquiring party or is being acquired. In a merger the relative
memberships on the board of directors of the surviving corporation may
be used to determine whether or not bondholder consent is required;

(B)  The term acquisition shall be deemed to include the purchase of
more than a specified percentage of the shares entitled to vote for
directors by a person or combination of persons under common ownership
or control or acting in concert. If a person or combination of persons
acquires more than the specified percentage of shares, they shall be
entitled to vote only the specified percentage until bondholder consent
is acquired. The specified percentage shall be set in the notice of
bondholder protection and shall not be less than ten percent (10%);

(C)  The bondholder consent shall be to a specific merger or acquisition
rather than the general concept of mergers and acquisitions.

(iii)  Bondholder consent to the sale or disposal of certain assets, or
assets exceeding a certain percentage of the corporation's total assets,
or assets exceeding a set total value or any combination of these
factors. The specifics of what requires bondholder consent shall be set
forth in the notice of bondholder protection. Disposal of assets shall
be construed to include the disposition of the assets to the
shareholders either directly or through distribution of shares in a new
or subsidiary corporation;

(iv)  Bondholder consent to the acquisition of debt above a specified
percentage of total assets, a specified percentage of the net worth of
the corporation, a specific amount, or any combination of these factors.
The consent may be required generally or may be required only if the
debt is to be used to pay for a merger or acquisition or a distribution
to shareholders. The notice of bondholder protection shall specify the
conditions under which bondholder consent is required.

17‑18‑202.  Bondholder protection provision; adoption requirements;
revocation.

(a)  The corporation utilizes a bondholder protection provision by
adopting and filing with the secretary of state a notice of bondholder
protection as provided in this section.

(b)  The notice of bondholder protection shall specify the percentage of
bondholders whose consent is required for any action on that protection.
The percentage may be different for different purposes. The percentage
shall be not less than fifty percent (50%) nor greater than ninety
percent (90%). The percentage shall be a percentage of the value at
maturity of the bonds or other debt instruments issued and outstanding.

(c)  Notices of bondholder protection shall be approved by the
corporation in the same manner as changes in corporate bylaws except
that the articles of incorporation may specify a different manner of
approval. The notices shall be filed with the trustee or transfer agent,
if any, for the bonds and with the secretary of state. The notice filed
with the secretary of state shall be accompanied by the administrative
fee specified by regulation to recover the administrative costs of the
state of Wyoming. The notice shall be effective as of the date of filing
with the secretary of state. The corporation shall send to each known
bondholder by first class mail either the full notice of bondholder
protection or a summary of the notice and information as to how the full
notice may be obtained from the company. This notice to the bondholders
shall be given no later than the due date of the first interest payment
due more than thirty (30) days after the bondholder protection notice is
filed with the secretary of state and may be included with the mailing
of the interest payment.

(d)  Bondholder protections may be revoked by the corporation in the
same manner that notices of bondholder protection are issued and filed
except that the revocation is effective as of a date specified in the
notice filed with the secretary of state. The effective date shall be at
least two (2) years and not more than six (6) years after filing the
notice of revocation with the secretary of state.

17‑18‑203.  Bondholder protection provision; amendments.

(a)  At any time any amendment may be made to the bondholder protection
provisions with the consent of the percentage of bondholders required
for action as stated in the notice of bondholder protection. Such an
amendment shall be effective upon filing the bondholder's consent and
notice of amendment with the secretary of state. However, the effective
date shall be specified in the notice and shall be at least two (2)
years and not more than six (6) years after filing the bondholder's
consent and notice of the amendment with the secretary of state for
amendments which:

(i)  Change the time period for revocations to be effective;

(ii)  Decrease the percentage of bondholders required for approval of an
action;

(iii)  Eliminate the requirement of bondholder approval for a specific
action; or

(iv)  Otherwise decrease the protection available to bondholders.

(b)  The bondholder's consent shall be in writing signed by the
bondholder or his lawful agent or trustee. Unless otherwise specified in
W.S. 17‑18‑201 through 17‑18‑206 the consent is valid until revoked by
the bondholder. The sale of the bond or debt instrument by the
bondholder revokes the consent effective upon notification of the
corporation or transfer agent of the sale.

17‑18‑204.  Limitations of the bondholder protection provisions.

(a)  Nothing in the bondholder protection provisions shall be construed
or applied to abridge or prohibit any contract, covenant or restriction
made between any corporation and its bondholders, or any holder of any
other debt instrument provided the contract, covenant or restriction
would be lawful in the absence of W.S. 17‑18‑201 through 17‑18‑206.
Unless specifically prohibited by prior contract any eligible
corporation may extend to the holders of any bond or debt instrument
described in W.S. 17‑18‑201(a) the opportunity to receive any bondholder
protection provisions. If a corporation represents to potential
purchasers of bonds in any prospectus or other written advice to
potential purchasers that it has extended or intends to extend any
bondholder protection provisions, it shall also state in the same
document that the protections may be revoked as provided by W.S.
17‑18‑201 through 17‑18‑206.

(b)  Protections under W.S. 17‑18‑201 through 17‑18‑206 shall be
extended uniformly to all holders of the same class of bond or debt
instrument but need not be extended uniformly to all classes of bonds or
debt instruments.

17‑18‑205.  Bondholder definition.

The term bondholder shall include the owners of any debt instrument to
which bondholder protections are extended.

17‑18‑206.  Additional bondholder protection provisions allowed.

Any other bondholder protection provisions may be provided in the notice
of bondholder protection, and shall be valid unless inconsistent with
the provisions of W.S. 17‑18‑201 through 17‑18‑206 or other law.

ARTICLE 3

CONTROL SHARE ACQUISITIONS

17‑18‑301.  Definitions.

(a)  As used in this article:

(i)  "Acquiring person" means a person who makes or proposes to make a
control share acquisition. If two (2) or more persons act as a
partnership, limited partnership, syndicate or other group pursuant to
any agreement, arrangement, relationship, understanding or otherwise,
whether or not in writing, for the purposes of acquiring, owning or
voting shares of an issuing public corporation, all members of the
partnership, syndicate or other group constitute a person;

(ii)  "Control shares" means shares that, except for this article, would
have voting power with respect to shares of an issuing public
corporation that, when added to all other shares of the issuing public
corporation owned by a person or with respect to which that person may
exercise or direct the exercise of voting power, would entitle that
person, immediately after acquisition of the shares directly or
indirectly, alone or as a part of a group, to exercise or direct the
exercise of the voting power of the issuing public corporation in the
election of directors within any of the following ranges of voting
power:

(A)  One‑fifth (1/5) or more but less than one‑third (1/3) of all voting
power;

(B)  One‑third (1/3) or more but less than a majority of all voting
power; or

(C)  A majority or more of all voting power.

(iii)  "Control share acquisition" means the acquisition directly or
indirectly by any person of ownership of, or the power to direct the
exercise of voting power with respect to, issued and outstanding control
shares. Shares acquired within ninety (90) days or shares acquired
pursuant to a plan to make a control share acquisition are considered to
have been acquired in the same acquisition. Control share acquisition
does not include the acquisition of shares:

(A)  In the ordinary course of business for the benefit of others if:

(I)  They are acquired in good faith and not for the purpose of
circumventing this article; and

(II)  The person who acquires the shares is not able to exercise or
direct the exercise of votes without further instruction from others.

(B)  Of an issuing public corporation consummated:

(I)  Before July 1, 1990;

(II)  Pursuant to a contract existing before July 1, 1990;

(III)  Pursuant to a transfer by gift, will or the laws of descent and
distribution;

(IV)  Pursuant to the satisfaction of a pledge or other security
interest created in good faith and not for the purpose of circumventing
this article;

(V)  Pursuant to a merger, share exchange or consolidation effected in
compliance with W.S. 17‑16‑1101 through 17‑16‑1114 or an agreement or
plan for a merger, share exchange or consolidation, if the issuing
public corporation is a party to the agreement or plan of merger, share
exchange or consolidation;

(VI)  Pursuant to a transfer of shares by the issuing public corporation
to its shareholders in the form of a dividend on a class or series of
the issuing public corporation's outstanding shares;

(VII)  Pursuant to an order or decree of a court of competent
jurisdiction;

(VIII)  Pursuant to a transfer to a plan or trust for the benefit of
employees of the issuing public corporation;

(IX)  Pursuant to a direct issue by or transfer from the issuing public
corporation of its own shares, other than shares issued or transferred
upon the conversion of a convertible security or on the exercise of an
option, warrant or other right to purchase shares unless the convertible
security, option, warrant or other right was acquired directly from the
corporation by the acquiring person; or

(X)  In good faith and not for the purpose of circumventing this
article, by a person whose voting rights over control shares have been
authorized under W.S. 17‑18‑306, if the person's voting power after the
acquisition would be within the same range of voting power previously
authorized under W.S. 17‑18‑306 for the person.

(iv)  "Interested shares" means the shares of an issuing public
corporation of which any of the following persons may exercise or direct
the exercise of the voting power of the corporation in the election of
directors:

(A)  An acquiring person;

(B)  Any officer of the issuing public corporation or of the acquiring
person; or

(C)  Any employee of the issuing public corporation or of the acquiring
person who is also a director of the corporation or of the acquiring
person, except shares over which a plan or trust for the benefit of
employees of the corporation or of the acquiring person has voting power
are not interested shares except to the extent the voting of the shares
is directed by the employee.

(v)  "Issuing public corporation" means a qualified corporation as
defined by W.S. 17‑18‑102(b)(xii);

(vi)  "Range of voting power" means a range of voting power provided by
paragraph (ii) of this subsection;

(vii)  "Voting power" means the sole or shared power to vote or direct
the voting of shares, directly or indirectly, other than under an
immediately revocable proxy that authorizes the person named proxy to
vote at a meeting of shareholders that was called before the proxy is
delivered or at an adjournment of the meeting.

17‑18‑302.  Control share voting rights.

(a)  Control shares of an issuing public corporation acquired in a
control share acquisition do not have voting rights unless conferred by
a vote of shareholders pursuant to W.S. 17‑18‑306.

(b)  Control shares for which voting rights have not been conferred
under W.S. 17‑18‑306 are not considered outstanding shares for the
purposes of determining whether a quorum is present or whether an action
requiring the affirmative vote of the holders of a specified percentage
of the corporation's outstanding shares has received the requisite
affirmative vote.

17‑18‑303.  Notice of control share acquisition; acquiring person
statement.

(a)  Any person who proposes to make a control share acquisition may,
and any person who has made a control share acquisition shall, deliver
an acquiring person statement to the issuing public corporation at the
issuing public corporation's principal office. The acquiring person
statement shall contain the following:

(i)  The identity of the acquiring person, including the identity of
each member of any partnership, limited partnership, syndicate or other
group which constitutes a part of the acquiring person for purposes of
W.S. 17‑18‑301(a)(i);

(ii)  A statement that the acquiring person statement is delivered
pursuant to this article;

(iii)  A statement of the number of shares of the issuing public
corporation owned directly or indirectly by the acquiring person or with
respect to which the acquiring person may exercise or direct the
exercise of voting power;

(iv)  The range of voting power for which the acquiring person seeks
voting rights; and

(v)  Any undertaking to pay expenses made pursuant to W.S. 17‑18‑304(a)
or any requests made pursuant to W.S. 17‑18‑304(d).

(b)  If the control share acquisition has not taken place the acquiring
person statement shall, in addition to the requirements stated in
subsection (a) of this section, contain:

(i)  A description in reasonable detail of the terms and conditions of
the proposed control share acquisition, including without limitation the
amount and class or classes of shares to be acquired, the price or
prices to be offered for the shares and the form of the consideration to
be offered; and

(ii)  Representations by the acquiring person, together with a statement
in reasonable detail of the facts upon which they are based and other
supporting evidence reasonably sufficient to establish the
representations, that:

(A)  The proposed control share acquisition will not be contrary to law;

(B)  The acquiring person has the financial capacity to make, and will
make, the proposed control share acquisition forthwith after the
shareholder vote if voting rights are accorded.

(iii)  An affidavit of the acquiring person that:

(A)  States that the acquiring person statement contains all of the
information required by this section;

(B)  States that the information contained in the acquiring person
statement is true, correct and complete; and

(C)  Is signed by the acquiring person if the acquiring person is an
individual or by the chief executive officer or similar representative
of the acquiring person if the acquiring person is not an individual.

17‑18‑304.  Shareholder special meeting.

(a)  If the acquiring person requests a special meeting at the time of
delivery of an acquiring person statement pursuant to W.S. 17‑18‑303 and
agrees to pay the corporation's expenses of a special meeting, the
directors of the issuing public corporation shall call a special meeting
of shareholders of the issuing public corporation within ten (10) days
after the date of the corporation's receipt of the request for the
purpose of considering whether the shares acquired or to be acquired in
the control share acquisition will be accorded voting rights.

(b)  Unless the acquiring person agrees in writing to another date, a
special meeting of shareholders shall be held within fifty (50) days
after receipt by the issuing public corporation of the request.

(c)  If no request is made for a special meeting, the issue of whether
the shares acquired in the control share acquisition will be accorded
voting rights shall be presented at the next special or annual meeting
of shareholders.

(d)  If requested in writing by the acquiring person when the acquiring
person statement is delivered pursuant to W.S. 17‑18‑303, the special
meeting shall not be held sooner than thirty (30) days after receipt by
the issuing public corporation of the acquiring person statement.

17‑18‑305.  Notice of shareholder meeting.

(a)  The issuing public corporation shall give notice of a special
meeting of shareholders requested pursuant to W.S. 17‑18‑304 as promptly
as practicable to each shareholder of record as of the record date set
for the meeting, whether or not the shareholder is entitled to vote at
the meeting.

(b)  Notice of the special or annual shareholder meeting at which the
voting rights are to be considered shall include or be accompanied by:

(i)  A copy of the acquiring person statement delivered to the issuing
public corporation pursuant to this article; and

(ii)  A statement by the board of directors of the issuing public
corporation which:

(A)  Is authorized by its directors; and

(B)  Contains the position or recommendation of the board of directors
or states that the board of directors takes no position or makes no
recommendation concerning the proposed control share acquisition; and

(C)  Contains a statement of any dissenters' rights accorded to
shareholders of the issuing public corporation under W.S. 17‑18‑308.

17‑18‑306.  Voting rights; resolution.

(a)  Control shares acquired in a control share acquisition have the
same voting rights accorded the shares before the control share
acquisition only to the extent granted by resolution approved by the
shareholders of the issuing public corporation.

(b)  The resolution required by subsection (a) of this section shall be
approved both by a majority of:

(i)  All outstanding voting shares, including interested shares; and

(ii)  All outstanding shares, excluding interested shares.

(c)  In addition to the vote required by subsection (b) of this section,
in the event the holders of the outstanding shares of a class are
entitled to vote as a separate voting group and the proposed control
share acquisition would, if fully carried out, result in any of the
changes described in W.S. 17‑16‑1004(a), the resolution required by
subsection (a) of this section shall be approved both by:

(i)  Each voting group entitled to vote separately on a proposal by a
majority of all votes entitled to be cast by that voting group,
including all interested shares; and

(ii)  Each voting group entitled to vote separately on a proposal by a
majority vote of all the votes entitled to be cast by that voting group
excluding all interested shares.

17‑18‑307.  Redemption.

(a)  Control shares acquired in a control share acquisition may be
redeemed by the corporation at fair value pursuant to the procedures
adopted by the corporation at any time during the period ending sixty
(60) days after the last acquisition of control shares by the acquiring
person if the control shares are not accorded voting rights by the
shareholders pursuant to W.S. 17‑18‑306.

(b)  For purposes of this section, the procedures to be adopted by the
corporation for determining the fair value to be paid for a share upon
redemption are not required to take into account and may expressly
disregard any increase or proposal for any increase in the price of the
shares following the announcement or commencement of the control share
acquisition or any proposal. The provisions of W.S. 17‑18‑308(b) do not
apply to this section.

(c)  The provisions of this section shall not apply to a control share
acquisition to which the provisions of this article otherwise apply if,
at the time the issuing public corporation receives an acquiring person
statement with respect to the control share acquisition, the articles of
incorporation or bylaws of the issuing public corporation contain a
provision expressly electing not to be governed by this section.

17‑18‑308.  Rights of dissenters; "fair value" defined.

(a)  A shareholder of the issuing public corporation, other than the
acquiring person, who does not vote in favor of the control share
acquisition may dissent from any proposal to accord voting rights to the
control shares over which voting power was or is to be acquired in the
control share acquisition. Each shareholder dissenting from the proposal
is entitled to receive the fair value of the shareholder's shares under
W.S. 17‑16‑1301 through 17‑16‑1331 if the control shares acquired or to
be acquired in the control share acquisition are accorded voting rights
under W.S. 17‑18‑306 and the acquiring person has or is authorized to
have a majority of all voting power.

(b)  For purposes of this section, the fair value to be paid for a share
of a dissenting shareholder may not be less than the highest price paid
for a share by the acquiring person in the control share acquisition.

(c)  The provisions of this section shall not apply to a control share
acquisition to which the provisions of this article otherwise apply if,
at the time the issuing public corporation receives an acquiring person
statement with respect to the control share acquisition, the articles of
incorporation or bylaws of the issuing public corporation contain a
provision expressly electing not to be governed by this section.

17‑18‑309.  Application.

(a)  The provisions of this article shall not apply to a control share
acquisition if, at the time the issuing public corporation receives an
acquiring person statement with respect to the control share
acquisition, the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the issuing
public corporation contain a provision expressly electing not to be
governed by this article.

(b)  A corporation which is not an issuing public corporation may
provide in its articles of incorporation or bylaws that this article
does not apply to control share acquisitions of shares of the
corporation in the event it becomes an issuing public corporation.

ARTICLE 4

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

17‑18‑401.  No effect on other actions; no liability.

This act does not effect, directly or indirectly, the validity of
another action by the board of directors of a corporation, nor does it
preclude the board of directors from taking other action in accordance
with law. The board of directors incurs no liability for elections made
or not made under this act.

17‑18‑402.  Conflict of laws.

If a provision of this act conflicts with another provision of the
Wyoming Business Corporation Act, the provision of this act controls.

17‑18‑403.  Prohibition against waivers.

A condition, stipulation or other provision in an agreement or
transaction between any shareholders of a corporation that purports to
waive compliance with or the rights afforded stockholders under this act
is void.