CHAPTER 14

LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS

ARTICLE 1

LIMITED PARTNERSHIP ACT OF 1971

17‑14‑101.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑102.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑103.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑104.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑105.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑106.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑107.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑108.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑109.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑110.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑111.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑112.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑113.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑114.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑115.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑116.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑117.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑118.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑119.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑120.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑121.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑122.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑123.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑124.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑125.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑126.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑127.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑128.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑129.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑130.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

17‑14‑131.  Repealed by Laws 1979, ch. 153, § 3.

ARTICLE 2

GENERAL PROVISIONS

17‑14‑201.  Short title.

This act may be cited as the "Uniform Limited Partnership Act".

17‑14‑202.  Definitions.

(a)  As used in this act, unless the context otherwise requires:

(i)  "Certificate of limited partnership" means the certificate referred
to in W.S. 17‑14‑301, and the certificate as amended or restated;

(ii)  "Contribution" means any cash, property, services rendered, or a
promissory note or other binding obligation to contribute cash or
property or to perform services, which a partner contributes to a
limited partnership in his capacity as a partner;

(iii)  "Event of withdrawal of a general partner" means an event that
causes a person to cease to be a general partner as provided in W.S.
17‑14‑502;

(iv)  "Foreign limited partnership" means a partnership formed under the
laws of any state other than this state and having as partners one (1)
or more general partners and one (1) or more limited partners;

(v)  "General partner" means a person who has been admitted to a limited
partnership as a general partner in accordance with the partnership
agreement and named in the certificate of limited partnership as a
general partner;

(vi)  "Limited partner" means a person who has been admitted to a
limited partnership as a limited partner in accordance with the
partnership agreement;

(vii)  "Limited partnership" and "domestic limited partnership" mean a
partnership formed by two (2) or more persons under the laws of this
state and having one (1) or more general partners and one (1) or more
limited partners;

(viii)  "Partner" means a limited or general partner;

(ix)  "Partnership agreement" means any valid agreement, written or
oral, of the partners as to the affairs of a limited partnership and the
conduct of its business;

(x)  "Partnership interest" means a partner's share of the profits and
losses of a limited partnership and the right to receive distributions
of partnership assets;

(xi)  "Person" means a natural person, partnership, limited partnership
(domestic or foreign), limited liability company, trust, estate,
association or corporation;

(xii)  "State" means a state, territory or possession of the United
States, the District of Columbia, or the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico;

(xiii)  "Certificate of continuance" means the certificate issued under
the provisions of this act to continue a foreign limited partnership in
this state;

(xiv)  "Foreign limited liability limited partnership" means a foreign
limited partnership whose general partners have limited liability for
the obligations of the foreign limited partnership under a provision
similar to W.S. 17‑14‑503;

(xv)  "Limited liability limited partnership", except in the phrase
"foreign limited liability limited partnership" means a limited
partnership whose certificate of limited partnership states that the
limited partnership is a limited liability limited partnership;

(xvi)  "This act" means W.S. 17‑14‑201 through 17‑14‑1104.

17‑14‑203.  Name.

(a)  The name of each limited partnership as set forth in its
certificate of limited partnership:

(i)  Shall contain without abbreviation the words "limited partnership";

(ii)  Shall not contain the name of a limited partner unless:

(A)  It is also the name of a general partner or the corporate name of a
corporate general partner; or

(B)  The business of the limited partnership had been carried on under
that name before the admission of that limited partner.

(iii)  Repealed by Laws 1995, ch. 45, § 2.

(iv)  Shall not be the same as, or deceptively similar to, any trademark
or service mark registered in this state and shall be distinguishable
upon the records of the secretary of state from other business names as
provided in W.S. 17‑16‑401.

17‑14‑204.  Reservation of name.

(a)  The exclusive right to the use of a name may be reserved by:

(i)  Any person intending to organize a limited partnership under this
act and to adopt that name;

(ii)  Any domestic limited partnership or any foreign limited
partnership registered in this state which, in either case, intends to
adopt that name;

(iii)  Any foreign limited partnership intending to register in this
state and adopt that name; and

(iv)  Any person intending to organize a foreign limited partnership and
intending to have it registered in this state and adopt that name.

(b)  The reservation shall be made by filing with the secretary of state
an application, executed by the applicant, to reserve a specified name.
If the secretary of state finds that the name is available for use by a
domestic or foreign limited partnership, he shall reserve the name for
the exclusive use of the applicant for a period of one hundred twenty
(120) days. The reservation of a name is not renewable. The right to the
exclusive use of a reserved name may be transferred to any other person
by filing in the office of the secretary of state a notice of the
transfer, executed by the applicant for whom the name was reserved and
specifying the name and address of the transferee.

17‑14‑205.  Specified office and agent.

(a)  Each limited partnership shall continuously maintain in this state:

(i)  An office, which may but need not be a place of its business in
this state, at which shall be kept the records required by W.S.
17‑14‑206 to be maintained; and

(ii)  A registered agent for service of process on the limited
partnership as provided in W.S. 17‑28‑101 through 17‑28‑111.

(b)  The provisions of W.S. 17‑28‑101 through 17‑28‑111 shall apply to
all limited partnerships.

17‑14‑206.  Records to be kept.

(a)  Each limited partnership shall keep at the office referred to in
W.S. 17‑14‑205 the following:

(i)  A current list of the full name and last known business address of
each partner separately identifying in alphabetical order the general
partners and the limited partners;

(ii)  A copy of the certificate of limited partnership and all
certificates of amendment thereto, and any application for and
certificate of continuance, together with executed copies of any powers
of attorney pursuant to which any certificate or application has been
executed;

(iii)  Copies of the limited partnership's federal, state and local
income tax returns and reports, if any, for the three (3) most recent
years;

(iv)  Copies of any then effective written partnership agreements and of
any financial statements of the limited partnership for the three (3)
most recent years; and

(v)  Unless contained in a written partnership agreement, a writing
setting out:

(A)  The amount of cash and a description and statement of the agreed
value of the other property or services contributed by each partner and
which each partner has agreed to contribute;

(B)  The times at which or events on the happening of which any
additional contributions agreed to be made by each partner are to be
made;

(C)  Any right of a partner to receive, or of a general partner to make,
distributions to a partner which include a return of all or any part of
the partner's contribution; and

(D)  Any events upon the happening of which the limited partnership is
to be dissolved and its affairs wound up.

(b)  Records kept under this section are subject to inspection and
copying at the reasonable request, and at the expense, of any partner
during ordinary business hours.

17‑14‑207.  Nature of business.

A limited partnership may carry on any business that a partnership
without limited partners may carry on except banking or acting as an
insurer as defined in W.S. 26‑1‑102(a)(xvi).

17‑14‑208.  Business transactions of partner with partnership.

Except as provided in the partnership agreement, a partner may lend
money to and transact other business with the limited partnership and,
subject to other applicable law, has the same rights and obligations
with respect thereto as a person who is not a partner.

17‑14‑209.  Fees.

(a)  The secretary of state shall charge and collect the following fees:

(i)  For filing a certificate of limited partnership, for an application
for a certificate of continuance or for registering a foreign limited
partnership, a fee of one hundred dollars (\$100.00);

(ii)  For filing a certificate of amendment or cancellation, or for
filing a reservation of name, fifty dollars (\$50.00).

(iii)  Repealed By Laws 2000, Ch. 35, § 2.

(iv)  Repealed By Laws 2000, Ch. 35, § 2.

(b)  In addition to the fees provided under subsection (a) of this
section, each limited partnership or foreign limited partnership shall
comply with and pay the fees provided by W.S. 17‑16‑1630(a) through (e)
and 17‑16‑120(j) as if it were a corporation.

(c)  Any limited partnership or foreign limited partnership failing to
comply with subsection (b) of this section or failing to pay any penalty
imposed under W.S. 17‑28‑109 may be dissolved or its franchise revoked
by the secretary of state as if it were a corporation.

(d)  Notwithstanding any other provisions of this section, any Wyoming
limited partnership dissolved or whose franchise is revoked under
subsection (c) of this section may be reinstated as provided in W.S.
17‑14‑905.

ARTICLE 3

FORMATION; CERTIFICATE OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP

17‑14‑301.  Certificate of limited partnership.

(a)  In order to form a limited partnership a certificate of limited
partnership shall be executed and filed in the office of the secretary
of state. The certificate shall set forth:

(i)  The name of the limited partnership;

(ii)  Repealed by Laws 1995, ch. 45, § 2.

(iii)  The address of the office and the name and address of the agent
for service of process required to be maintained by W.S. 17‑14‑205;

(iv)  The name and the business address of each general partner;

(v)  The amount of cash and a description and statement of the agreed
value of the other property or services contributed or to be contributed
in the future;

(vi)  Repealed by Laws 1995, ch. 45, § 2.

(vii)  Repealed by Laws 1995, ch. 45, § 2.

(viii)  Repealed by Laws 1995, ch. 45, § 2.

(ix)  Repealed by Laws 1995, ch. 45, § 2.

(x)  Repealed by Laws 1995, ch. 45, § 2.

(xi)  Repealed by Laws 1995, ch. 45, § 2.

(xii)  Repealed by Laws 1995, ch. 45, § 2.

(xiii)  The latest date upon which the limited partnership is to
dissolve;

(xiv)  Whether the limited partnership is a limited liability limited
partnership; and

(xv)  Any other matters the partners determine to include therein.

(b)  A limited partnership is formed at the time of the filing of the
certificate of limited partnership in the office of the secretary of
state or at any later time specified in the certificate of limited
partnership if, in either case, there has been substantial compliance
with the requirements of this section.

17‑14‑302.  Amendment of certificate.

(a)  A certificate of limited partnership is amended by filing a
certificate of amendment thereto in the office of the secretary of
state. The certificate shall set forth:

(i)  The name of the limited partnership;

(ii)  The date of filing the certificate; and

(iii)  The amendment to the certificate.

(b)  Within thirty (30) days after the occurrence of any of the
following events and except as provided by subsection (f) of this
section, an amendment to a certificate of limited partnership reflecting
the occurrence of the event shall be filed:

(i)  Repealed by Laws 1995, ch. 45, § 2.

(ii)  The admission of a new general partner;

(iii)  The withdrawal of a general partner; or

(iv)  Repealed By Laws 1999, ch. 145, § 2.

(v)  The election of all the partners to become a limited liability
limited partnership.

(c)  A general partner who becomes aware that any statement in a
certificate of limited partnership was false when made or that any
arrangements or other facts described have changed, making the
certificate inaccurate in any respect, shall promptly amend the
certificate.

(d)  A certificate of limited partnership may be amended at any time for
any other proper purpose the general partners determine.

(e)  A person is not liable because an amendment to a certificate of
limited partnership has not been filed to reflect the occurrence of any
event referred to in subsection (b) of this section if the amendment is
filed within the periods \[period\] specified in subsection (b) or (f)
of this section, whichever applies.

(f)  An amendment to a certificate of limited partnership reflecting the
occurrence of any event specified by subsection (b) of this section for
a partnership comprised of ten (10) partners or less, who are natural
persons, may be filed annually instead of within the thirty (30) day
period prescribed by subsection (b) of this section. The amendment
certificate shall reflect all events specified by subsection (b) of this
section which occurred during the calendar year and shall be filed in
the office of the secretary of state no later than January 31 of the
year following the year for which the amendment certificate applies.

(g)  A restated certificate of limited partnership may be executed and
filed in the same manner as a certificate of amendment.

17‑14‑303.  Cancellation of certificate.

(a)  A certificate of limited partnership shall be cancelled upon the
dissolution and the commencement of winding up of the partnership or at
any other time there are no limited partners. A certificate of
cancellation shall be filed in the office of the secretary of state and
set forth:

(i)  The name of the limited partnership;

(ii)  The date of filing of its certificate of limited partnership;

(iii)  The reason for filing the certificate of cancellation;

(iv)  The effective date (which shall be a date certain) of cancellation
if it is not to be effective upon the filing of the certificate; and

(v)  Any other information the general partners filing the certificate
determine.

17‑14‑304.  Execution of certificates.

(a)  Each certificate required by this article to be filed in the office
of the secretary of state shall be executed in the following manner:

(i)  An original certificate of limited partnership shall be signed by
all general partners;

(ii)  A certificate of amendment shall be signed by at least one (1)
general partner and by each other general partner designated in the
certificate as a new general partner; and

(iii)  A certificate of cancellation shall be signed by all general
partners.

(b)  Any person may sign a certificate by an attorney‑in‑fact, but a
power of attorney to sign a certificate relating to the admission of a
general partner shall specifically describe the admission.

(c)  The execution of a certificate by a general partner constitutes an
affirmation under the penalties of perjury that the facts stated therein
are true.

17‑14‑305.  Execution by judicial act.

If a person required by W.S. 17‑14‑304 to execute any certificate fails
or refuses to do so, any other person who is adversely affected by the
failure or refusal, may petition the district court to direct the
execution of the certificate. If the court finds that it is proper for
the certificate to be executed and that any person so designated has
failed or refused to execute the certificate, it shall order the
secretary of state to record an appropriate certificate.

17‑14‑306.  Filing in office of secretary of state.

(a)  Two (2) signed copies of the certificate of limited partnership and
of any certificates of amendment or cancellation (or of any judicial
decree of amendment or cancellation) shall be delivered to the secretary
of state. A person who executes a certificate as an agent or fiduciary
need not exhibit evidence of his authority as a prerequisite to filing.
Unless the secretary of state finds that any certificate does not
conform to law, upon receipt of all filing fees required by law he
shall:

(i)  Endorse on each duplicate original the word "Filed" and the day,
month and year of the filing thereof;

(ii)  File one (1) duplicate original in his office; and

(iii)  Return the other duplicate original to the person who filed it or
his representative.

(b)  Upon the filing of a certificate of amendment (or judicial decree
of amendment) in the office of the secretary of state, the certificate
of limited partnership shall be amended as set forth therein, and upon
the effective date of a certificate of cancellation (or a judicial
decree thereof), the certificate of limited partnership is cancelled.

17‑14‑307.  Liability for false statement in certificate.

(a)  If any certificate of limited partnership or certificate of
amendment or cancellation contains a false statement, one who suffers
loss by reliance on the statement may recover damages for the loss from:

(i)  Any person who executes the certificate, or causes another to
execute it on his behalf, and knew, and any general partner who knew or
should have known, the statement to be false at the time the certificate
was executed; and

(ii)  Any general partner who thereafter knows or should have known that
any arrangement or other fact described in the certificate has changed,
making the statement inaccurate in any respect within a sufficient time
before the statement was relied upon reasonably to have enabled that
general partner to cancel or amend the certificate, or to file a
petition for its cancellation or amendment under W.S. 17‑14‑305.

17‑14‑308.  Scope of notice.

The fact that a certificate of limited partnership is on file in the
office of the secretary of state is notice that the partnership is a
limited partnership and the persons designated therein as general
partners are general partners, but it is not notice of any other fact.

17‑14‑309.  Delivery of certificates to limited partners.

Upon the return by the secretary of state pursuant to W.S. 17‑14‑306 of
a certificate marked "Filed", the general partners shall promptly
deliver or mail a copy of the certificate of limited partnership and
each certificate to each limited partner unless the partnership
agreement provides otherwise.

ARTICLE 4

LIMITED PARTNERS

17‑14‑401.  Admission of limited partners.

(a)  A person becomes a limited partner:

(i)  At the time the limited partnership is formed; or

(ii)  At any later time specified in the records of the limited
partnership for becoming a limited partner.

(b)  Repealed by Laws 1995, ch. 45, § 2.

(c)  After the limited partnership is formed, a person may be admitted
as an additional limited partner:

(i)  In the case of a person acquiring a partnership interest directly
from the limited partnership, upon the compliance with the partnership
agreement or, if the partnership agreement does not so provide, upon the
written consent of all partners; and

(ii)  In the case of an assignee of a partnership interest of a partner
who has the power, as provided in W.S. 17‑14‑804, to grant the assignee
the right to become a limited partner, upon the exercise of that power
and compliance with any conditions limiting the grant or exercise of the
power.

17‑14‑402.  Voting.

Subject to W.S. 17‑14‑403, the partnership agreement may grant to all or
a specified group of the limited partners the right to vote (on a per
capita or other basis) upon any matter.

17‑14‑403.  Liability to third parties.

(a)  Except as provided in subsection (d) of this section, a limited
partner is not liable for the obligations of a limited partnership
unless he is also a general partner or, in addition to the exercise of
his rights and powers as a limited partner, he participates in the
control of the business. However, if the limited partner participates in
the control of the business, he is liable only to persons who transact
business with the limited partnership with actual knowledge of his
participation in control.

(b)  A limited partner does not participate in the control of the
business within the meaning of subsection (a) of this section solely by
doing one (1) or more of the following:

(i)  Being a contractor for or an agent or employee of the limited
partnership or of a general partner or being an officer, director or
shareholder of a general partner that is a corporation;

(ii)  Consulting with and advising a general partner with respect to the
business of the limited partnership;

(iii)  Acting as surety for the limited partnership or guaranteeing or
assuming one (1) or more specific obligations of the limited
partnership;

(iv)  Taking any action required or permitted by law to bring or pursue
a derivative action in the right of the limited partnership;

(v)  Requesting or attending a meeting of partners;

(vi)  Proposing, approving or disapproving, by voting or otherwise, one
(1) or more of the following matters:

(A)  The dissolution and winding up of the limited partnership;

(B)  The sale, exchange, lease, mortgage, pledge or other transfer of
all or substantially all of the assets of the limited partnership;

(C)  The incurrence of indebtedness by the limited partnership other
than in the ordinary course of its business;

(D)  A change in the nature of the business;

(E)  The admission or removal of a general partner;

(F)  The admission or removal of a limited partner;

(G)  A transaction involving an actual or potential conflict of interest
between a general partner and the limited partners;

(H)  An amendment to the partnership agreement or certificate of limited
partnership; or

(J)  Matters related to the business of the limited partnership not
otherwise enumerated in this subsection which the partnership agreement
states in writing may be subject to the approval or disapproval of
limited partners.

(vii)  Winding up the limited partnership pursuant to W.S. 17‑14‑903; or

(viii)  Exercising any right or power permitted to limited partners
under this act and not specifically enumerated in this subsection.

(c)  The enumeration in subsection (b) of this section does not mean
that the possession or exercise of any other powers by a limited partner
constitutes participation by him in the business of the limited
partnership.

(d)  A limited partner who knowingly permits his name to be used in the
name of the limited partnership, except under circumstances permitted by
W.S. 17‑14‑203(a)(ii)(A), is liable to creditors who extend credit to
the limited partnership without actual knowledge that the limited
partner is not a general partner.

17‑14‑404.  Person erroneously believing himself limited partner.

(a)  Except as provided in subsection (b) of this section, a person who
makes a contribution to a business enterprise and erroneously but in
good faith believes that he has become a limited partner in the
enterprise is not a general partner in the enterprise and is not bound
by its obligations by reason of making the contribution, receiving
distributions from the enterprise, or exercising any rights of a limited
partner, if, on ascertaining the mistake, he:

(i)  Causes an appropriate certificate of limited partnership or a
certificate of amendment to be executed and filed; or

(ii)  Withdraws from future equity participation in the enterprise.

(b)  A person who makes a contribution of the kind described in
subsection (a) of this section is liable as a general partner to any
third party who transacts business with the enterprise:

(i)  Before the person withdraws and an appropriate certificate is filed
to show withdrawal; or

(ii)  Before an appropriate certificate is filed to show that he is not
a general partner, but in either case only if the third party actually
believed in good faith that the person was a general partner at the time
of the transaction.

17‑14‑405.  Information.

(a)  Each limited partner has the right to:

(i)  Inspect and copy any of the partnership records required to be
maintained by W.S. 17‑14‑206; and

(ii)  Obtain from the general partners from time to time upon reasonable
demand:

(A)  True and full information regarding the state of the business and
financial condition of the limited partnership;

(B)  Promptly after becoming available, a copy of the limited
partnership's federal, state and local income tax returns for each year;
and

(C)  Other information regarding the affairs of the limited partnership
as is just and reasonable.

ARTICLE 5

GENERAL PARTNERS

17‑14‑501.  Admission of additional general partners.

After the filing of a limited partnership's original certificate of
limited partnership, additional general partners may be admitted as
provided in writing in the partnership agreement or, if the partnership
agreement does not provide in writing for the admission of additional
general partners, with the written consent of all partners.

17‑14‑502.  Events of withdrawal.

(a)  Except as approved by the specific written consent of all partners
at the time, a person ceases to be a general partner of a limited
partnership upon the happening of any of the following events:

(i)  The general partner withdraws from the limited partnership as
provided in W.S. 17‑14‑702;

(ii)  The general partner ceases to be a member of the limited
partnership as provided in W.S. 17‑14‑802;

(iii)  The general partner is removed as a general partner in accordance
with the partnership agreement;

(iv)  Unless otherwise provided in writing in the partnership agreement,
the general partner:

(A)  Makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors;

(B)  Files a voluntary petition in bankruptcy;

(C)  Is adjudicated as bankrupt or insolvent;

(D)  Files a petition or answer seeking for himself any reorganization,
arrangement, composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or
similar relief under any statute, law or regulation;

(E)  Files an answer or other pleading admitting or failing to contest
the material allegations of a petition filed against him in any
proceeding of this nature; or

(F)  Seeks, consents to or acquiesces in the appointment of a trustee,
receiver or liquidator of the general partner or of all or any
substantial part of his properties.

(v)  Unless otherwise provided in writing in the partnership agreement,
one hundred twenty (120) days after the commencement of any proceeding
against the general partner seeking reorganization, arrangement,
composition, readjustment, liquidation, dissolution or similar relief
under any statute, law or regulation, the proceeding has not been
dismissed, or if within ninety (90) days after the appointment without
his consent or acquiescence of a trustee, receiver or liquidator of the
general partner or of all or any substantial part of his properties, the
appointment is not vacated or stayed or within ninety (90) days after
the expiration of any such stay, the appointment is not vacated;

(vi)  In the case of a general partner who is a natural person:

(A)  His death; or

(B)  The entry by a court of competent jurisdiction adjudicating him
incompetent to manage his person or his estate.

(vii)  In the case of a general partner who is acting as a general
partner by virtue of being a trustee of a trust, the termination of the
trust (but not merely the substitution of a new trustee);

(viii)  In the case of a general partner that is a separate partnership,
the dissolution and commencement of winding up of the separate
partnership;

(ix)  In the case of a general partner that is a corporation, the filing
of a certificate of dissolution, or its equivalent, for the corporation
or the revocation of its charter; or

(x)  In the case of an estate, the distribution by the fiduciary of the
estate's entire interest in the partnership.

17‑14‑503.  General powers and liabilities.

(a)  Except as provided in this act, in subsections (b) and (c) of this
section or in the partnership agreement, a general partner of a limited
partnership has the rights and powers and is subject to the restrictions
and liabilities of a partner in a partnership without limited partners.

(b)  A person that becomes a general partner of an existing limited
partnership is not personally liable for an obligation of a limited
partnership incurred before the person became a partner.

(c)  An obligation of a limited partnership incurred while the limited
partnership is a limited liability limited partnership, whether arising
in contract, tort or otherwise, is solely the obligation of the limited
partnership. A general partner is not personally liable, directly or
indirectly, by way of contribution or otherwise, for such an obligation
solely by reason of being or acting as a general partner of a limited
liability limited partnership. This subsection applies despite anything
inconsistent in the partnership agreement that existed immediately
before the election by all the partners to become a limited liability
limited partnership. For purposes of this section, the obligation of a
limited partnership under contract is deemed to arise at the time the
limited partnership entered into the contract.

17‑14‑504.  Contributions by, and distributions to, general partner.

A general partner of a limited partnership may make contributions to the
partnership and share in the profits and losses of, and in the
distributions from, the limited partnership as a general partner. A
general partner also may make contributions to and share in profits,
losses and distributions as a limited partner. A person who is both a
general partner and a limited partner has the rights and powers, and is
subject to the restrictions and liabilities, of a general partner and,
except as provided in the partnership agreement, also has the powers,
and is subject to the restrictions, of a limited partner to the extent
of his participation in the partnership as a limited partner.

17‑14‑505.  Voting.

The partnership agreement may grant to all or certain identified general
partners the right to vote (on a per capita or any other basis),
separately or with all or any class of the limited partners, on any
matter.

ARTICLE 6

FINANCE

17‑14‑601.  Form of contribution.

The contribution of a partner may be in cash, property or services
rendered, or a promissory note or other obligation to contribute cash or
property or to perform services.

17‑14‑602.  Liability for contribution.

(a)  A promise by a limited partner to contribute to the limited
partnership is not enforceable unless set out in a writing signed by the
limited partner.

(b)  Except as provided in the partnership agreement, a partner is
obligated to the limited partnership to perform any enforceable promise
to contribute cash or property or to perform services, even if he is
unable to perform because of death, disability or any other reason. If a
partner does not make the required contribution of property or services,
he is obligated at the option of the limited partnership to contribute
cash equal to that portion of the value (as stated in the partnership
records required to be kept pursuant to W.S. 17‑14‑206) of the stated
contribution that has not been made.

(c)  Unless otherwise provided in the partnership agreement, the
obligation of a partner to make a contribution or return money or other
property paid or distributed in violation of this act may be compromised
only by consent of all the partners. Notwithstanding the compromise, a
creditor of a limited partnership who extends credit, or otherwise acts
in reliance on that obligation after the partner signs a writing which
reflects the obligation, and before the amendment or cancellation
thereof to reflect the compromise, may enforce the original obligation.

17‑14‑603.  Sharing of profits and losses.

The profits and losses of a limited partnership shall be allocated among
the partners, and among classes of partners, in the manner provided in
writing in the partnership agreement. If the partnership agreement does
not so provide in writing, profits and losses shall be allocated on the
basis of the value (as stated in the partnership records required to be
kept pursuant to W.S. 17‑14‑206) of the contributions made by each
partner to the extent they have been received by the partnership and
have not been returned.

17‑14‑604.  Sharing of distributions.

Distributions of cash or other assets of a limited partnership shall be
allocated among the partners, and among classes of partners, in the
manner provided in writing in the partnership agreement. If the
partnership agreement does not so provide in writing, distributions
shall be made on the basis of the value (as stated in the partnership
records required to be kept pursuant to W.S. 17‑14‑206) of the
contributions made by each partner to the extent they have been received
by the partnership and have not been returned.

ARTICLE 7

DISTRIBUTIONS AND WITHDRAWAL

17‑14‑701.  Interim distributions.

(a)  Except as provided in this article, a partner is entitled to
receive distributions from a limited partnership before his withdrawal
from the limited partnership and before the dissolution and winding up
thereof to the extent and at the times or upon the happening of the
events specified in the partnership agreement.

(i)  Amended into (a) by Laws 1995, ch. 45, § 1.

(ii)  Repealed by Laws 1995, ch. 45, § 2.

17‑14‑702.  Withdrawal of general partner.

A general partner may withdraw from a limited partnership at any time by
giving written notice to the other partners, but if the withdrawal
violates the partnership agreement, the limited partnership may recover
from the withdrawing general partner damages for breach of the
partnership agreement and offset the damages against the amount
otherwise distributable to him.

17‑14‑703.  Withdrawal of limited partner.

(a)  A limited partner may withdraw from a limited partnership at the
time or upon the happening of events specified in writing in the
partnership agreement. If the agreement does not specify in writing the
time or the events upon the happening of which a limited partner may
withdraw or a definite time for the dissolution and winding up of the
limited partnership, a limited partner may withdraw upon not less than
six (6) months prior written notice to each general partner at his
address on the books of the limited partnership at its office in this
state. The provisions of this subsection shall apply to limited
partnerships formed under this act prior to July 1, 1999, unless the
limited partnership properly adopts the provisions of subsection (b) of
this section.

(b)  A limited partner may only withdraw from a limited partnership at
the time or upon the happening of events specified in writing in the
partnership agreement. This subsection applies to limited partnerships
formed under this act on or after July 1, 1999. A limited partnership
formed under this act prior to July 1, 1999, may adopt the provisions of
this subsection by filing a certificate of amendment with the secretary
of state after July 1, 1999 that expressly refers to and adopts this
subsection.

17‑14‑704.  Distribution upon withdrawal.

Except as provided in this article, upon withdrawal any withdrawing
partner is entitled to receive any distribution to which he is entitled
under the partnership agreement and, if not otherwise provided in the
agreement, he is entitled to receive, within a reasonable time after
withdrawal, the fair value of his interest in the limited partnership as
of the date of withdrawal based upon his right to share in distributions
from the limited partnership.

17‑14‑705.  Distribution in kind.

Except as provided in writing in the partnership agreement, a partner,
regardless of the nature of his contribution, has no right to demand and
receive any distribution from a limited partnership in any form other
than cash. Except as provided in writing in the partnership agreement, a
partner may not be compelled to accept a distribution of any asset in
kind from a limited partnership to the extent that the percentage of the
asset distributed to him exceeds a percentage of that asset which is
equal to the percentage in which he shares in distributions from the
limited partnership.

17‑14‑706.  Right to distribution.

At the time a partner becomes entitled to receive a distribution, he has
the status of, and is entitled to all remedies available to, a creditor
of the limited partnership with respect to the distribution.

17‑14‑707.  Limitations on distribution.

A partner may not receive a distribution from a limited partnership to
the extent that, after giving effect to the distribution, all
liabilities of the limited partnership, other than liabilities to
partners on account of their partnership interests, exceed the fair
value of the partnership assets.

17‑14‑708.  Liability upon return of contribution.

(a)  If a partner has received the return of any part of his
contribution without violation of the partnership agreement or this act,
he is liable to the limited partnership for a period of one (1) year
thereafter for the amount of the returned contribution, but only to the
extent necessary to discharge the limited partnership's liabilities to
creditors who extended credit to the limited partnership during the
period the contribution was held by the partnership.

(b)  If a partner has received the return of any part of his
contribution in violation of the partnership agreement or this act, he
is liable to the limited partnership for a period of six (6) years
thereafter for the amount of the contribution wrongfully returned.

(c)  A partner receives a return of his contribution to the extent that
a distribution to him reduces his share of the fair value of the net
assets of the limited partnership below the value (as set forth in the
partnership records required to be kept pursuant to W.S. 17‑14‑206) of
his contribution which has not been distributed to him.

ARTICLE 8

ASSIGNMENT OF PARTNERSHIP INTERESTS

17‑14‑801.  Nature of partnership interest.

A partnership interest is personal property.

17‑14‑802.  Assignment of partnership interest.

Except as provided in the partnership agreement, a partnership interest
is assignable in whole or in part. An assignment of a partnership
interest does not dissolve a limited partnership or entitle the assignee
to become or to exercise any rights of a partner. An assignment entitles
the assignee to receive, to the extent assigned, only the distribution
to which the assignor would be entitled. Except as provided in the
partnership agreement, a partner ceases to be a partner upon assignment
of all his partnership interest.

17‑14‑803.  Rights of creditor.

On application to a court of competent jurisdiction by any judgment
creditor of a partner, the court may charge the partnership interest of
the partner with payment of the unsatisfied amount of the judgment with
interest. To the extent so charged, the judgment creditor has only the
rights of an assignee of the partnership interest. This act does not
deprive any partner of the benefit of any exemption laws applicable to
his partnership interest.

17‑14‑804.  Right of assignee to become limited partner.

(a)  An assignee of a partnership interest, including an assignee of a
general partner, may become a limited partner if and to the extent that:

(i)  The assignor gives the assignee that right in accordance with
authority described in the partnership agreement; or

(ii)  All other partners consent.

(b)  An assignee who has become a limited partner has, to the extent
assigned, the rights and powers, and is subject to the restrictions and
liabilities, of a limited partner under the partnership agreement and
this act. An assignee who becomes a limited partner also is liable for
the obligations of his assignor to make and return contributions as
provided in articles 6 and 7. However, the assignee is not obligated for
liabilities unknown to the assignee at the time he became a limited
partner.

(c)  If an assignee of a partnership interest becomes a limited partner,
the assignor is not released from his liability to the limited
partnership under W.S. 17‑14‑307 and 17‑14‑602.

17‑14‑805.  Deceased or incompetent partner; dissolved or terminated
partner.

If a partner who is an individual dies or a court of competent
jurisdiction adjudges him to be incompetent to manage his person or his
property, the partner's executor, administrator, guardian, conservator
or other legal representative may exercise all the partner's rights for
the purpose of settling his estate or administering his property,
including any power the partner had to give an assignee the right to
become a limited partner. If a partner is a corporation, trust or other
entity and is dissolved or terminated, the powers of that partner may be
exercised by its legal representative or successor.

ARTICLE 9

DISSOLUTION

17‑14‑901.  Nonjudicial dissolution.

(a)  A limited partnership is dissolved and its affairs shall be wound
up upon the happening of the first to occur of the following:

(i)  At the time specified in the certificate of limited partnership;

(ii)  Upon the happening of events specified in writing in the
partnership agreement;

(iii)  Written consent of all partners;

(iv)  Repealed By Laws 1999, ch. 145, § 2.

(v)  Entry of a decree of judicial dissolution under W.S. 17‑14‑902;

(vi)  A vote to dissolve by all of the limited partners, or a number or
percentage of limited partners specified in the partnership agreement,
within ninety (90) days after an event of withdrawal of the last
remaining general partner; or

(vii)  The failure of the limited partners to admit or appoint another
general partner within ninety (90) days after an event of withdrawal of
the last remaining general partner.

17‑14‑902.  Judicial dissolution.

On application by or for a partner the district court may decree
dissolution of a limited partnership whenever it is not reasonably
practicable to carry on the business in conformity with the partnership
agreement.

17‑14‑903.  Winding up.

Except as provided in the partnership agreement, the general partners
who have not wrongfully dissolved a limited partnership or, if none, the
limited partners, may wind up the limited partnership's affairs; but the
district court may wind up the limited partnership's affairs upon
application of any partner, his legal representative, or assignee.

17‑14‑904.  Distribution of assets.

(a)  Upon the winding up of a limited partnership, the assets shall be
distributed as follows:

(i)  To creditors, including partners who are creditors, to the extent
permitted by law, in satisfaction of liabilities of the limited
partnership other than liabilities for distributions to partners under
W.S. 17‑14‑701 or 17‑14‑704;

(ii)  Except as provided in the partnership agreement, to partners and
former partners in satisfaction of liabilities for distributions under
W.S. 17‑14‑701 or 17‑14‑704; and

(iii)  Except as provided in the partnership agreement, to partners
first for the return of their contributions and secondly respecting
their partnership interests, in the proportions in which the partners
share in distributions.

17‑14‑905.  Reinstatement following administrative dissolution.

(a)  A Wyoming limited partnership administratively dissolved for
failure to pay fees as provided in W.S. 17‑14‑209(c) may apply to the
secretary of state for reinstatement within two (2) years after the
effective date of dissolution. The application shall recite the name of
the domestic limited partnership and the effective date of its
administrative dissolution.

(b)  A domestic limited partnership applying for reinstatement pursuant
to subsection (a) of this section shall include payment of fees and
taxes then delinquent and a reinstatement certificate fee prescribed by
the secretary of state by rule.

(c)  If the secretary of state determines that the application contains
the information required by subsection (a) of this section, that the
information is correct and the application contains the fees and taxes
required by subsection (b) of this section, he shall cancel the
certificate of dissolution and prepare a certificate of reinstatement
that recites his determination and the effective date of reinstatement,
file the original of the certificate and return a copy to the domestic
limited partnership.

(d)  When the reinstatement is effective, it relates back and takes
effect as of the effective date of the administrative dissolution
pursuant to W.S. 17‑14‑209(c) and the limited partnership resumes
carrying on its business as if the administrative dissolution had never
occurred.

(e)  The domestic limited partnership shall retain its registered name
during the two (2) year reinstatement period.

ARTICLE 10

FOREIGN LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS

17‑14‑1001.  Law governing.

(a)  Subject to the constitution of this state:

(i)  The laws of the state under which a foreign limited partnership is
organized govern its organization and internal affairs and the liability
of its limited partners, unless the partnership has been issued a
certificate of continuance pursuant to this article; and

(ii)  A foreign limited partnership shall not be denied registration by
reason of any difference between the laws of the state under which it
was organized and the laws of this state.

17‑14‑1002.  Registration.

(a)  Before transacting business in this state, a foreign limited
partnership shall register with the secretary of state. In order to
register, a foreign limited partnership shall submit to the secretary of
state, in duplicate, an application for registration as a foreign
limited partnership, signed by a general partner and setting forth:

(i)  The name of the foreign limited partnership and, if different, the
name under which it proposes to register and transact business in this
state;

(ii)  The state and date of its formation;

(iii)  Repealed by Laws 1995, ch. 45, § 2.

(iv)  The name and address of any agent for service of process on the
foreign limited partnership whom the foreign limited partnership elects
to appoint; the agent shall be an individual resident of this state, a
domestic corporation or a foreign corporation having a place of business
in, and authorized to do business in, this state;

(v)  Repealed By Laws 2012, Ch. 10, § 2.

(vi)  The address of the office required to be maintained in the state
of its organization by the laws of that state or, if not so required, of
the principal office of the foreign limited partnership;

(vii)  Repealed by Laws 1995, ch. 45, § 2.

(viii)  The name and business address of each general partner;

(ix)  Whether the foreign limited partnership is a foreign limited
liability limited partnership; and

(x)  The address of the office at which is kept a list of the names and
addresses of the limited partners and their capital contributions,
together with an undertaking by the foreign limited partnership to keep
those records until the foreign limited partnership's registration in
this state is cancelled or withdrawn.

(b)  The foreign limited partnership shall deliver with the completed
application a certificate of existence, duly authenticated by the
secretary of state or other official having custody of limited
partnership records in the state or country under whose laws it is
formed, which verifies the active existence of the foreign limited
partnership.

17‑14‑1003.  Issuance of registration.

(a)  If the secretary of state finds that an application for
registration conforms to law and all requisite fees have been paid, he
shall:

(i)  Endorse on the application the word "Filed", and the month, day and
year of the filing thereof;

(ii)  File in his office a duplicate original of the application; and

(iii)  Issue a certificate of registration to transact business in this
state.

(b)  The certificate of registration, together with a duplicate original
of the application, shall be returned to the person who filed the
application or his representative.

17‑14‑1004.  Name.

A foreign limited partnership may register with the secretary of state
under any name (whether or not it is the name under which it is
registered in its state of organization) that includes without
abbreviation the words "limited partnership" and that could be
registered by a domestic limited partnership.

17‑14‑1005.  Changes and amendments.

If any statement in the application for registration of a foreign
limited partnership was false when made or any arrangements or other
facts described have changed, making the application inaccurate in any
respect, the foreign limited partnership shall promptly file in the
office of the secretary of state a certificate, signed and sworn to by a
general partner, correcting such statement.

17‑14‑1006.  Cancellation of registration.

(a)  A foreign limited partnership may cancel its registration by filing
with the secretary of state a certificate of cancellation signed and
sworn to by a general partner. A cancellation does not terminate the
authority of the secretary of state to accept service of process on the
foreign limited partnership with respect to causes of action arising out
of the transactions of business in this state.

(b)  The registration to transact business of a foreign limited
liability partnership is subject to the same revocation and
reinstatement provisions as applicable to foreign corporations
authorized to transact business in this state pursuant to W.S.
17‑16‑1530 through 17‑16‑1536.

17‑14‑1007.  Transaction of business without registration.

(a)  A foreign limited partnership transacting business in this state
may not maintain any action, suit or proceeding in any court of this
state until it has registered in this state.

(b)  The failure of a foreign limited partnership to register in this
state does not impair the validity of any contract or act of the foreign
limited partnership or prevent the foreign limited partnership from
defending any action, suit or proceeding in any court of this state.

(c)  A limited partner of a foreign limited partnership is not liable as
a general partner of the foreign limited partnership solely by reason of
having transacted business in this state without registration.

(d)  A foreign limited partnership, by transacting business in this
state without registration, appoints the secretary of state as its agent
for service of process with respect to causes of actions arising out of
the transaction of business in this state.

(e)  Any foreign limited partnership transacting business in this state
without registering is subject to the penalties provided by W.S.
17‑16‑1502(d).

17‑14‑1008.  Action by secretary of state.

The secretary of state may bring an action to restrain a foreign limited
partnership from transacting business in this state in violation of this
article.

17‑14‑1009.  Applicability of other provisions.

(a)  In any case not provided for in this act, the provisions of the
Uniform Partnership Act apply.

(b)  In cases concerning service of process on the secretary of state as
agent for a foreign limited partnership, provisions of the Wyoming
Business Corporations Act concerning service of process, the manner of
service and fees charged apply.

17‑14‑1010.  Continuance of a foreign limited partnership.

Any foreign limited partnership, except partnerships acting as an
insurer as defined in W.S. 26‑1‑102(a)(xvi) or acting as a financial
institution as defined in W.S. 13‑1‑101(a)(ix), may apply to the
secretary of state for a certificate of continuance to permit the
foreign limited partnership to continue in Wyoming as if the partnership
had been formed under the laws of this state.

17‑14‑1011.  Application for certificate of continuance; requirements.

(a)  To continue in this state, a foreign limited partnership shall
submit to the secretary of state, in duplicate, an application for a
certificate of continuance setting forth:

(i)  Written confirmation from the state in which the partnership was
formed that the partnership's domicile in that state is terminated or
will be terminated upon continuance in this state;

(ii)  A certified copy of the limited partnership's original certificate
of limited partnership, or equivalent authorization, including any
amendments;

(iii)  The name of the limited partnership;

(iv)  The duration of the limited partnership from date of formation to
present;

(v)  The address of the office and the name and address of the agent for
service of process required to be maintained by W.S. 17‑14‑205;

(vi)  The name and business address of each general partner;

(vii)  A statement that the limited partnership will abide by the
constitution and laws of this state;

(viii)  The latest date upon which the limited partnership is to
dissolve;

(ix)  Any other matters the partners determine to include in the
application;

(x)  Any additional information necessary to enable the secretary of
state to determine whether the foreign limited partnership is entitled
to a certificate of continuance.

(b)  The application may vary from the original certificate that formed
the foreign limited partnership provided that the change would be
permissible as an amendment for a limited partnership organized in this
state.

17‑14‑1012.  Execution of application.

(a)  The application for a certificate of continuance filed in the
office of the secretary of state shall be signed by all general
partners.

(b)  Any person may sign an application by an attorney-in-fact, but a
power of attorney to sign a certificate relating to the admission of a
general partner shall specifically describe the admission.

(c)  The execution of an application by a general partner constitutes an
affirmation under the penalties of perjury that the facts stated therein
are true.

17‑14‑1013.  Issuance of certificate of continuance.

(a)  If the secretary of state finds that an application for continuance
substantially conforms to law and all requisite fees have been paid, he
shall:

(i)  Endorse on each duplicate original application the word "filed,"
and the month, day and year of the filing;

(ii)  File one (1) duplicate original in his office;

(iii)  Issue a certificate of continuance to continue in this state;

(iv)  Notify the secretary of state or appropriate official in the state
of terminated domicile that a certificate of continuance has been issued
in this state.

(b)  The certificate of continuance, together with a duplicate original
of the application, shall be returned to the person who filed the
application or his representative.

(c)  The certificate of continuance may incorporate by reference the
original certificate of limited partnership. The original certificate is
deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to the laws of Wyoming
and the provisions of the certificate of continuance.

17‑14‑1014.  Effect of certification.

(a)  Upon issuance of a certificate of continuance by the secretary of
state, the certificate of continuance shall be deemed to be a
certificate of limited partnership and the limited partnership shall be
subject to the provisions of this act as though formed under the laws of
this state.

(b)  Except for the purpose of W.S. 16‑6‑101 through 16‑6‑121, the
existence of any limited partnership issued a certificate of continuance
shall be deemed to have commenced on the date the limited partnership
was originally formed under the laws of another state.

(c)  The laws of Wyoming shall apply to a limited partnership continuing
under this act from the date a certificate of continuance is issued by
the secretary of state.

(d)  The continuance shall not affect the ownership of partnership
property, liability for any existing obligation, cause of action, claim,
pending or threatened prosecution, civil or administrative action,
conviction, ruling, order or judgment. The continuance does not deprive
a partner of any right or privilege, nor relieve a partner of any
liability.

ARTICLE 11

DERIVATIVE ACTIONS

17‑14‑1101.  Right of action.

A limited partner may bring an action in the right of a limited
partnership to recover a judgment in its favor if general partners with
authority to do so have refused to bring the action or if an effort to
cause those general partners to bring the action is not likely to
succeed.

17‑14‑1102.  Proper plaintiff.

(a)  In a derivative action, the plaintiff shall be a partner at the
time of bringing the action and:

(i)  At the time of the transaction of which he complains; or

(ii)  His status as a partner had devolved upon him by operation of law
or pursuant to the terms of the partnership agreement from a person who
was a partner at the time of the transaction.

17‑14‑1103.  Pleading.

In a derivative action, the complaint shall set forth with particularity
the effort of the plaintiff to secure initiation of the action by a
general partner or the reasons for not making the effort.

17‑14‑1104.  Expenses.

If a derivative action is successful, in whole or in part, or if
anything is received by the plaintiff as a result of a judgment,
compromise or settlement of an action or claim, the court may award the
plaintiff reasonable expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, and
shall direct him to remit to the limited partnership the remainder of
those proceeds received by him.