CHAPTER 3

PRACTICE OF PROFESSIONS BY CORPORATIONS

17‑3‑101.  Practice of profession through licensed stockholder or
employee authorized.

A corporation organized under the Wyoming Business Corporation Act or
the Wyoming Statutory Close Corporation Supplement, whose capital stock
is owned exclusively by a person or persons licensed to practice a
profession by the state of Wyoming or by an agency, office or
instrumentality authorized by the laws of Wyoming to license individuals
for the practice of such profession, may, by and through the person or
persons of such licensed stockholder or stockholders, or licensed
employees, practice and offer professional services in such profession.

17‑3‑102.  Licensed stockholder or employee subject to certain
requirements.

No corporation may offer professional services or practice a profession
except by and through the person or persons of its licensed stockholder
or stockholders, or licensed employees, each of whom shall retain his
professional license in good standing, and shall remain as fully liable
and responsible for his professional activities, and subject to all
rules, regulations, standards and requirements pertaining thereto, as
though practicing individually rather than in a corporation.

17‑3‑103.  Words or initials to be contained in corporate name.

The corporate name of every professional corporation shall contain
either the words "A Professional Corporation" or the capital initials
"P.C.". These words or initials shall be the last word of the name of
the professional corporation.

17‑3‑104.  Language to be contained in articles of incorporation;
location.

The articles of incorporation of a professional practice corporation
incorporated after the date of this act shall contain the following
language: "All shareholders of the corporation are, and will continually
be, licensed in the profession for which the corporation is formed, and
no professional service will be offered by the corporation except by or
under the supervision of licensed stockholders or licensed employees."
This language shall be inserted in the articles immediately after the
provisions pertaining to the aggregate number of shares which the
corporation is authorized to issue.