CHAPTER 22

UNIFORM UNINCORPORATED NONPROFIT ASSOCIATION ACT

17‑22‑101.  Short title.

This act shall be known and may be cited as the "Wyoming Unincorporated
Nonprofit Association Act."

17‑22‑102.  Definitions.

(a)  As used in this act:

(i)  "Member" means a person who, under the rules or practices of a
nonprofit association, may participate in the selection of persons
authorized to manage the affairs of the nonprofit association or in the
development of policy of the nonprofit association;

(ii)  "Nonprofit association" means an unincorporated organization
consisting of two (2) or more members joined by mutual consent for a
common, nonprofit purpose. However, a joint tenancy, tenancy in common,
or tenancy by the entireties does not by itself establish a nonprofit
association, even if the co‑owners share the use of the property for a
nonprofit purpose;

(iii)  "Person" means an individual, corporation, business trust,
estate, trust, partnership, association, agency, joint venture,
government, governmental subdivision or instrumentality, or any other
legal or commercial entity;

(iv)  "State" means a state of the United States, the District of
Columbia, the commonwealth of Puerto Rico, or any territory or insular
possession subject to the jurisdiction of the United States;

(v)  "This act" means W.S. 17‑22‑101 through 17‑22‑115.

17‑22‑103.  Territorial application.

Real and personal property in Wyoming may be acquired, held, encumbered
and transferred by a nonprofit association, whether or not the nonprofit
association or a member has any other relationship to the state.

17‑22‑104.  Real and personal property; nonprofit association as
legatee, devisee or beneficiary.

(a)  A nonprofit association in its name may acquire, hold, encumber or
transfer an estate or interest in real and personal property.

(b)  A nonprofit association may be a legatee, devisee or beneficiary of
a trust or contract.

17‑22‑105.  Statement of authority as to real property.

(a)  A nonprofit association shall execute and record a statement of
authority to transfer an estate or interest in real property in the name
of the nonprofit association.

(b)  An estate or interest in real property in the name of a nonprofit
association may be transferred by a person so authorized in a statement
of authority recorded in the office of the county clerk in which a
transfer of the property would be recorded.

(c)  A statement of authority shall set forth:

(i)  The name of the nonprofit association;

(ii)  The address in this state, including the street address, if any,
of the nonprofit association. If the nonprofit association does not have
an address in this state, its address out of state;

(iii)  The name or title of the person authorized to transfer an estate
or interest in real property held in the name of the nonprofit
association; and

(iv)  The action, procedure or vote of the nonprofit association which
authorizes the person to transfer the real property of the nonprofit
association and which authorizes the person to execute the statement of
authority.

(d)  A statement of authority shall be executed in the same manner as a
deed. The person who executes the statement of authority shall not be
the named person in the statement of authority authorized to transfer
the estate or interest.

(e)  The filing officer may collect a fee for recording the statement of
authority in the amount authorized for recording a transfer of real
property.

(f)  An amendment, including a cancellation, of a statement of authority
shall meet the requirements for execution and recording of an original
statement. Unless canceled earlier, a recorded statement of authority or
its most recent amendment is canceled by operation of law five (5) years
after the date of the most recent recording.

(g)  If the record title to the real property is in the name of a
nonprofit association and the statement of authority is recorded in the
office of the county clerk in which a transfer of real property would be
recorded, the authority of the person named in a statement of authority
is conclusive in favor of a transferee who gives value without notice
that the person named in the statement of authority lacks authority.

17‑22‑106.  Liability in tort and contract.

(a)  A nonprofit association is a legal entity separate from its members
for the purposes of determining and enforcing rights, duties and
liabilities in contract and tort.

(b)  A person is not liable for a breach of a nonprofit association's
contract merely because the person is a member, is authorized to
participate in the management of the affairs of the nonprofit
association or is a person considered as a member by the nonprofit
association.

(c)  A person is not liable for a tortious act or omission for which a
nonprofit association is liable merely because the person is a member,
is authorized to participate in the management of the affairs of the
nonprofit association or is a person considered as a member by the
nonprofit association.

(d)  A tortious act or omission of a member or other person for which a
nonprofit association is liable is not imputed to a person merely
because the person is a member of the nonprofit association, is
authorized to participate in the management of the affairs of the
nonprofit association or is a person considered as a member by the
nonprofit association.

(e)  A member of, or a person considered as a member by, a nonprofit
association may assert a claim against the nonprofit association. A
nonprofit association may assert a claim against a member or a person
considered as a member by the nonprofit association.

17‑22‑107.  Capacity to assert and defend; standing.

(a)  A nonprofit association, in its name, may institute, defend,
intervene or participate in a judicial, administrative or other
governmental proceeding or in an arbitration, mediation or any other
form of alternative dispute resolution.

(b)  A nonprofit association may assert a claim in its name on behalf of
its members if one (1) or more members of the nonprofit association have
standing to assert a claim in their own right, the interests the
nonprofit association seeks to protect are germane to its purposes, and
neither the claim asserted nor the relief requested requires the
participation of a member.

17‑22‑108.  Effect of judgment or order.

A judgment or order against a nonprofit association is not by itself a
judgment or order against a member.

17‑22‑109.  Disposition of personal property of inactive nonprofit
association.

(a)  If a nonprofit association has been inactive for three (3) years or
longer, a person in possession or control of personal property of the
nonprofit association may transfer the property:

(i)  If a nonprofit association document specifies a person to whom
transfer is to be made under these circumstances, to that person; or

(ii)  If no person is so specified, to a nonprofit association or
nonprofit corporation pursuing broadly similar purposes, or governmental
agency.

17‑22‑110.  Appointment of agent to receive service of process.

(a)  A nonprofit association may file in the office of the secretary of
state a statement appointing an agent authorized to receive service of
process.

(b)  A statement appointing an agent shall set forth:

(i)  The name of the nonprofit association;

(ii)  The address in this state, including the street address, if any,
of the nonprofit association. If the nonprofit association does not have
an address in this state, its address out of state; and

(iii)  The name of the person in this state authorized to receive
service of process and the person's address, including the state
address, in this state.

(c)  A statement appointing an agent shall be signed and acknowledged by
a person authorized to manage the affairs of the nonprofit association.
The statement shall also be signed and acknowledged by the person
appointed agent, who thereby accepts the appointment. An appointed agent
may resign by filing a resignation in the office of the secretary of
state and giving notice to the nonprofit association.

(d)  A filing officer may collect a fee of five dollars (\$5.00) for
filing a statement appointing an agent to receive service of process, an
amendment, or a resignation.

(e)  An amendment to a statement appointing an agent to receive service
of process shall meet the requirements for execution of an original
statement.

17‑22‑111.  Claim not abated by change of members of officers.

A claim for relief against a nonprofit association does not abate solely
by reason of a change in its members or persons authorized to manage the
affairs of the nonprofit association.

17‑22‑112.  Venue.

For purposes of venue, a nonprofit association is a resident of a county
in which it has an office.

17‑22‑113.  Summons and complaint; service on whom.

In an action or proceeding against a nonprofit association a summons and
complaint shall be served on an agent authorized by appointment to
receive service of process, an officer, managing or general agent, or a
person authorized to participate in the management of its affairs. If
none of them can be served, service may be made on a member.

17‑22‑114.  Transition concerning real and personal property.

(a)  If, before July 1, 1993, an estate or interest in real or personal
property was purportedly transferred to a nonprofit association, on July
1, 1993 the estate or interest vests in the nonprofit association unless
the parties have treated the transfer as ineffective.

(b)  If, before July 1, 1993, the transfer vested the estate or interest
in another person to hold the estate or interest as a fiduciary for the
benefit of the nonprofit association, its members, or both, on or after
July 1, 1993 the fiduciary may transfer the estate or interest to the
nonprofit association in its name or the nonprofit association, by
appropriate proceedings, may require that the estate or interest be
transferred to it in its name.

17‑22‑115.  Savings clause.

This act does not affect an action or proceeding begun or right accrued
before July 1, 1993.