CHAPTER 20

WYOMING COOPERATIVE UTILITIES ACT

ARTICLE 1

GENERAL PROVISIONS

17‑20‑101.  Short title.

This act shall be known and may be cited as the "Wyoming Cooperative
Utilities Act".

17‑20‑102.  Applicability.

This act shall apply to cooperative utilities.

17‑20‑103.  Application of the Wyoming Nonprofit Corporation Act.

Each cooperative utility shall be governed by the provisions of the
Wyoming Nonprofit Corporation Act, W.S. 17‑19‑101 through 17‑19‑1807,
except insofar as they may be inconsistent with the provisions of this
act.

17‑20‑104.  Securities Act exemption.

The provisions of chapter 4 of title 17 of the Wyoming statutes shall
not apply to any note, bond or other evidence of indebtedness issued by
any cooperative utility to the United States or any agency or any
instrumentality thereof, to any mortgage or deed of trust executed to
secure the same, or to the issuance of membership certificates or
proxies by a cooperative utility.

17‑20‑140.  General definitions.

(a)  As used in this act:

(i)  "Cooperative utility" means a corporation organized under any law
of this state or under the law of any other jurisdiction, for a purpose
other than the conduct of business for profit and includes, but is not
limited to, corporations organized to own, operate and maintain
electric, telephone and television distribution systems primarily to its
members;

(ii)  "Patronage capital contributions" means all funds received and
receivable from members from the furnishing of cooperative utility
services in excess of operating costs and expenses properly chargeable
against the furnishing of cooperative utility services;

(iii)  "This act" means W.S. 17‑20‑101 through 17‑20‑1801.

ARTICLE 2

ORGANIZATION

17‑20‑201.  Reserved.

17‑20‑202.  Articles of incorporation.

(a)  In addition to the requirements set forth in W.S. 17‑19‑202, each
corporation organized under this act shall state, in its articles, that
it is a cooperative utility.

(b)  Each corporation incorporating under this act shall be considered a
mutual benefit corporation and shall be subject to provisions governing
mutual benefit corporations found in the Wyoming Nonprofit Corporation
Act, except as provided in this act.

ARTICLES 3

RESERVED

ARTICLES 4

RESERVED

ARTICLES 5

RESERVED

ARTICLE 6

MEMBERS AND MEMBERSHIPS

17‑20‑601.  Admission.

(a)  No person who is not an incorporator shall become a member of a
cooperative utility unless the person agrees to use the services
furnished by the cooperative utility on a continuing basis when such
services shall be available through its facilities. The bylaws may
provide that any person, including an incorporator, shall cease to be
\[a\] member of the cooperative utility if the member fails or refuses
to use the services made available by the cooperative utility, or if
services are not made available to the member by the cooperative utility
within the specified time after the person has become a member.

(b)  The bylaws may prescribe additional qualifications and limitations
in respect to membership.

17‑20‑602.  Reserved.

17‑20‑603.  Requirement of members.

A cooperative utility is required to have members.

ARTICLE 7

MEMBERS' MEETINGS AND VOTING

17‑20‑720.  Reserved.

17‑20‑721.  Reserved.

17‑20‑722.  Quorum requirements.

Except for member votes on mergers, consolidations, sale or disposition
of assets, and dissolutions, ten percent (10%) of all members of the
cooperative utility present in person or by proxy or one hundred (100)
members present in person, whichever is fewer, shall constitute a quorum
for the transaction of business at all meetings of the members. If less
than a quorum is present at any meeting, a majority of those present in
person shall adjourn the meeting, but may reschedule the meeting with
further notice.

17‑20‑723.  Reserved.

17‑20‑724.  Reserved.

17‑20‑725.  Reserved.

17‑20‑726.  Reserved.

17‑20‑727.  Reserved.

17‑20‑728.  Election of directors.

The bylaws may provide that the territory in which a cooperative utility
supplies service to its members shall be divided into two (2) or more
director districts, and in respect to each such director district shall
describe the boundaries thereof and designate the number of directors
that shall be elected by the members residing therein.

ARTICLES 8

RESERVED

ARTICLES 9

RESERVED

ARTICLES 10

RESERVED

ARTICLE 11

MERGER AND CONSOLIDATION

17‑20‑1101.  Reserved.

17‑20‑1102.  Reserved.

17‑20‑1103.  Merger of 2 or more cooperative utilities.

Unless this act, the articles, bylaws or the board of directors or
members, acting pursuant to W.S. 17‑19‑1103(c) require a greater vote, a
plan of merger involving two (2) or more cooperative utilities to be
adopted shall be approved as provided by W.S. 17‑19‑1103(a)(i) and (iii)
and by the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of all of the
members of each of the merging cooperative utilities.

17‑20‑1104.  Reserved.

17‑20‑1105.  Reserved.

17‑20‑1106.  Merger with entity other than a cooperative utility.

(a)  A cooperative utility may merge with any entity if:

(i)  The merger is permitted by the law of the state or country under
whose law the entity is organized and existing and each entity complies
with that law in effecting the merger;

(ii)  The entity complies with W.S. 17‑19‑1104 if it is the surviving
corporation or entity;

(iii)  The merger is approved by the affirmative vote of not less than
two‑thirds (2/3) of all of the members of the cooperative utility; and

(iv)  The provisions in W.S. 17‑20‑1201 are met.

17‑20‑1110.  Reserved.

17‑20‑1111.  Reserved.

17‑20‑1112.  Consolidation of 2 or more cooperative utilities.

Unless this act, the articles, bylaws or the board of directors or
members, acting pursuant to W.S. 17‑19‑1112(c) require a greater vote, a
plan of consolidation involving two (2) or more cooperative utilities to
be adopted shall be approved as provided by W.S. 17‑19‑1112(a)(i) and
(iii) and by the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of all of
the members of each of the consolidating cooperative utilities.

17‑20‑1113.  Reserved.

17‑20‑1114.  Reserved.

17‑20‑1115.  Consolidation with entity other than a cooperative utility.

(a)  A cooperative utility may consolidate with any entity if:

(i)  The consolidation is permitted by the law of the state or country
under whose law the entity is organized and existing and each entity
complies with that law in effecting the consolidation;

(ii)  The entity complies with 17‑19‑1113 if it is the new corporation
or entity;

(iii)  The consolidation is approved by the affirmative vote of not less
than two‑thirds (2/3) of all of the members of the cooperative
utilities; and

(iv)  The provisions in W.S. 17‑20‑1201 are met.

ARTICLE 12

SALE OR ENCUMBRANCE OF ASSETS

17‑20‑1201.  Sale or disposition of assets of a cooperative utility.

(a)  A cooperative utility shall not sell, lease or otherwise dispose of
all or any substantial portion of its property, when the action is not
in the regular course of activities, except as provided in this section.

(b)  Before a meeting is held to vote on approval of disposition of all
or a substantial portion of cooperative utility property, the board of
directors shall:

(i)  Have the proposed disposition analyzed with respect to the effect
on rates for utility services and the equity position of members. The
analyses shall be performed by at least two (2) independent analysts
with experience in utility rate setting and valuation of utility
property;

(ii)  Notify all cooperative utility members, at least ninety (90) days
in advance, of a meeting to vote on disposition of cooperative utility
property, enclosing a summary of the proposals for disposition of the
property with the notice, and make available to any member the full
proposal for inspection and copying at the principal office of the
cooperative utility; and

(iii)  The cooperative utility shall mail to all members of the
cooperative utility a summary of any alternate purchase proposals that
have been submitted within thirty (30) days of the meeting date, and
make available to any member the full proposal for inspection and
copying at the principal office of the cooperative utility.

(c)  A two‑thirds (2/3) affirmative vote of all the members of the
cooperative utility is required for any sale or disposition under this
article.

(d)  This section is subject to the contractual obligations of the
cooperative utility with power suppliers and other third parties.

17‑20‑1202.  Mortgage or encumbrance of assets of a cooperative utility.

(a)  The board of directors, without authorization by the members, shall
have full power and authority:

(i)  To borrow monies from any source and in such amounts as the board
may from time to time determine; and

(ii)  To mortgage or otherwise pledge or encumber any or all of the
cooperative utility's properties or assets as security therefor.

ARTICLE 13

DISTRIBUTIONS TO MEMBERS

17‑20‑1301.  Patronage capital contributions, allocations and refunds.

(a)  Cooperative utilities organized under this act may make
distributions to members in the form of patronage capital contributions,
allocations and refunds. The bylaws shall provide for patronage capital
contributions, allocations and refunds. Refunds may be made only at the
discretion of the board of directors.

(b)  Any patronage capital that has been retired, returned, refunded or
tendered to a member of a cooperative that has remained unclaimed by the
person appearing on the records of the cooperative entitled thereto for
more than two (2) years, shall be determined to be unclaimed.
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including provisions
pertaining to unclaimed property, unclaimed patronage capital shall be
used by the cooperative for the benefit of the general membership of the
cooperative.

ARTICLE 14

DISSOLUTION

17‑20‑1401.  Reserved.

17‑20‑1402.  Dissolution by directors, members and third persons.

Unless this act, the articles, bylaws or the board of directors or
members, acting pursuant to W.S. 17‑19‑1402(c) require a greater vote,
dissolution is authorized if it is approved as provided by W.S.
17‑19‑1402(a)(i) and (iii) and by the affirmative vote of not less than
two‑thirds (2/3) of all of the members of the cooperative utility.

ARTICLES 15

RESERVED

ARTICLES 16

RESERVED

ARTICLES 17

RESERVED

ARTICLE 18

TRANSITION PROVISIONS

17‑20‑1801.  Application.

This act applies to all cooperative utilities, including rural electric
associations, whether formed before the effective date of this act or
not.