CHAPTER 17

CLOSE CORPORATION SUPPLEMENT

ARTICLE 1

PROVISIONS

17‑17‑101.  Short title.

This chapter shall be known and may be cited as the "Wyoming Statutory
Close Corporation Supplement."

17‑17‑102.  Application of Wyoming Business Corporation Act and the
provisions of W.S. 17‑3‑101 through 17‑3‑104.

(a)  The Wyoming Business Corporation Act applies to statutory close
corporations to the extent not inconsistent with the provisions of this
chapter.

(b)  This chapter applies to a professional corporation organized under
W.S. 17‑3‑101 through 17‑3‑104 whose articles of incorporation contain
the statement required by W.S. 17‑17‑103(a), except insofar as W.S.
17‑3‑101 through 17‑3‑104 contain inconsistent provisions.

(c)  This chapter does not repeal or modify any statute or rule of law
that is or would apply to a corporation that is organized under the
Wyoming Business Corporation Act and the provisions of W.S. 17‑3‑101
through 17‑3‑104 and that does not elect to become a statutory close
corporation under W.S. 17‑17‑103.

17‑17‑103.  Definition and election of statutory close corporation
status.

(a)  A statutory close corporation is a corporation whose articles of
incorporation contain a statement that the corporation is a statutory
close corporation.

(b)  A corporation having thirty‑five (35) or fewer shareholders may
become a statutory close corporation by amending its articles of
incorporation to include the statement required by subsection (a) of
this section. For corporations formed prior to January 1, 1990, the
amendment shall be approved by all of the holders of the votes of each
class or series of shares of the corporation, whether or not otherwise
entitled to vote on amendments. For corporations formed on or after
January 1, 1990, the amendment must be approved by the holders of at
least two‑thirds (2/3) of the votes of each class or series of shares of
the corporation, voting as separate voting groups, whether or not
otherwise entitled to vote on amendments. If the amendment is adopted, a
shareholder who voted against the amendment is entitled to assert
dissenters' rights under W.S. 17‑16‑1301 through 17‑16‑1331.

17‑17‑110.  Notice of statutory close corporations status on issued
shares.

(a)  The following statement must appear conspicuously on each share
certificate issued by a statutory close corporation:

The rights of shareholders in a statutory close corporation may differ
materially from the rights of shareholders in other corporations. Copies
of the articles of incorporation and bylaws, shareholders' agreements,
and other documents, any of which may restrict transfers and affect
voting and other rights, may be obtained by a shareholder on written
request to the corporation.

(b)  Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of
uncertificated shares, the corporation shall send to the shareholders a
written notice containing the information required by subsection (a) of
this section.

(c)  The notice required by this section satisfies all requirements of
this chapter and of W.S. 17‑16‑627 that notice of share transfer
restrictions be given.

(d)  A person claiming an interest in shares of a statutory close
corporation which has complied with the notice requirement of this
section is bound by the documents referred to in the notice. A person
claiming an interest in shares of a statutory close corporation which
has not complied with the notice requirement of this section is bound by
any documents of which he, or a person through whom he claims, has
knowledge or notice.

(e)  A corporation shall provide to any shareholder upon his written
request and without charge copies of provisions that restrict transfer
or affect voting or other rights of shareholders appearing in articles
of incorporation, bylaws, or shareholders' or voting trust agreements
filed with the corporation.

17‑17‑111.  Share transfer prohibition.

(a)  An interest in shares of a statutory close corporation may not be
voluntarily or involuntarily transferred, by operation of law or
otherwise, except to the extent permitted by the articles of
incorporation or under W.S. 17‑17‑112 or pursuant to a buy‑sell
agreement entered into by all the shareholders.

(b)  Except to the extent the articles of incorporation provide
otherwise, this section does not apply to a transfer:

(i)  To the corporation or to any other holder of the same class or
series of shares;

(ii)  To members of the shareholder's immediate family, or to a trust,
all of whose beneficiaries are members of the shareholder's immediate
family, which immediate family consists of his spouse, parents, lineal
descendants, including adopted children and stepchildren, and the spouse
of any lineal descendant, and brothers and sisters;

(iii)  That has been approved in writing by all of the holders of the
corporation's shares having general voting rights;

(iv)  To a personal representative upon the death of a shareholder or to
a trustee or receiver as the result of a bankruptcy, insolvency,
dissolution or similar proceeding brought by or against a shareholder;

(v)  By merger, consolidation or share exchange under W.S. 17‑16‑1101
through 17‑16‑1114, or an exchange of existing shares for other shares
of a different class or series in the corporation;

(vi)  By a pledge as collateral for a loan that does not grant the
pledgee any voting rights possessed by the pledgor; or

(vii)  Made after termination of the corporation's status as a statutory
close corporation.

17‑17‑112.  Share transfer after first refusal by corporation.

(a)  A person desiring to transfer shares of a statutory close
corporation subject to the transfer prohibition of W.S. 17‑17‑111 must
first offer them to the corporation by obtaining an offer to purchase
the shares for cash from a third person who is eligible to purchase the
shares under subsection (b) of this section. The offer by the third
person must be in writing and state the offeror's name and address, the
number and class, or series, of shares offered, the offering price per
share, and the other terms of the offer.

(b)  A third person is eligible to purchase the shares if:

(i)  He is eligible to become a qualified shareholder under any federal
or state tax statute the corporation has adopted and he agrees in
writing not to terminate his qualification without the approval of the
remaining shareholders; and

(ii)  His purchase of the shares will not impose a personal holding
company tax or similar federal or state penalty tax on the corporation.

(c)  The person desiring to transfer shares shall deliver the offer to
the corporation, and by doing so offers to sell the shares to the
corporation on the terms of the offer. Within twenty (20) days after the
corporation receives the offer, the corporation shall call a special
shareholders' meeting, to be held not more than forty (40) days after
the call, to decide whether the corporation should purchase all, but not
less than all, of the offered shares. The offer must be approved by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of votes entitled to be
cast at the meeting, excluding votes in respect of the shares covered by
the offer.

(d)  The corporation must deliver to the offering shareholder written
notice of acceptance within seventy‑five (75) days after receiving the
offer or the offer is rejected. If the corporation makes a counteroffer,
the shareholder must deliver to the corporation written notice of
acceptance within fifteen (15) days after receiving the counteroffer or
the counteroffer is rejected. If the corporation accepts the original
offer or the shareholder accepts the corporation's counteroffer, the
shareholder shall deliver to the corporation duly endorsed certificates
for the shares, or instruct the corporation in writing to transfer the
shares if uncertificated, within twenty (20) days after the effective
date of the notice of acceptance. The corporation may specifically
enforce the shareholder's delivery or instruction obligation under this
subsection.

(e)  A corporation accepting an offer to purchase shares under this
section may allocate some or all of the shares to one (1) or more of its
shareholders or to other persons if all the shareholders voting in favor
of the purchase approve the allocation. If the corporation has more than
one (1) class or series of shares, however, the remaining holders of the
class or series of shares being purchased are entitled to a first option
to purchase the shares not purchased by the corporation in proportion to
their shareholdings or in some other proportion agreed to by all the
shareholders participating in the purchase.

(f)  If an offer to purchase shares under this section is rejected, the
offering shareholder, for a period of one hundred twenty (120) days
after the corporation received his offer, is entitled to transfer to the
third person offeror all, but not less than all, of the offered shares
in accordance with the terms of his offer to the corporation.

17‑17‑113.  Attempted share transfer in breach of prohibition.

(a)  An attempt to transfer shares in a statutory close corporation in
violation of a prohibition against transfer binding on the transferee is
ineffective.

(b)  An attempt to transfer shares in a statutory close corporation in
violation of a prohibition against transfer that is not binding on the
transferee, either because the notice required by W.S. 17‑17‑110 was not
given or because the prohibition is held unenforceable by a court, gives
the corporation an option to purchase the shares from the transferee for
the same price and on the same terms that he purchased them. To exercise
its option, the corporation must give the transferee written notice
within thirty (30) days after they are presented for registration in the
transferee's name. The corporation may specifically enforce the
transferee's sale obligation upon exercise of its purchase option.

17‑17‑114.  Compulsory purchase of shares after death of shareholder.

(a)  This section, and W.S. 17‑17‑115 through 17‑17‑117, apply to a
statutory close corporation only if so provided in its articles of
incorporation. If these sections apply, the personal representative of
the estate or the surviving joint tenant of a deceased shareholder may
require the corporation to purchase or cause to be purchased all, but
not less than all, of the decedent's shares or jointly owned shares or
to be dissolved.

(b)  The provisions of W.S. 17‑17‑115 through 17‑17‑117 may be modified
only if the modification is set forth or referred to in the articles of
incorporation.

(c)  An amendment to the articles of incorporation to provide for
application of W.S. 17‑17‑115 through 17‑17‑117, or to modify or delete
the provisions of these sections, must be approved by the holders of at
least two-thirds (2/3) of the votes of each class or series of shares of
the statutory close corporation, voting as separate voting groups,
whether or not otherwise entitled to vote on amendments. If the
corporation has no shareholders when the amendment is proposed, it must
be approved by at least two-thirds (2/3) of the subscribers for shares,
if any, or, if none, by all of the incorporators.

(d)  A shareholder who votes against an amendment to modify or delete
the provisions of W.S. 17‑17‑115 through 17‑17‑117 is entitled to
dissenters' rights under W.S. 17‑16‑1301 through 17‑16‑1331 if the
amendment upon adoption terminates or substantially alters his existing
rights under these sections to have his shares purchased.

(e)  A shareholder may waive his and his estate's rights under W.S.
17‑17‑115 through 17‑17‑117 by a signed writing.

(f)  W.S. 17‑17‑115 through 17‑17‑117 do not prohibit any other
agreement providing for the purchase of shares upon a shareholder's
death, nor do they prevent a shareholder from enforcing any remedy he
has independent of these sections.

17‑17‑115.  Exercise of compulsory purchase right.

(a)  A person entitled and desiring to exercise the compulsory purchase
right described in W.S. 17‑17‑114 must deliver a written notice to the
corporation, within one hundred twenty (120) days after the death of the
shareholder, describing the number and class or series of shares
beneficially owned by the decedent and requesting that the corporation
offer to purchase the shares.

(b)  Within twenty (20) days after the effective date of the notice, the
corporation shall call a special shareholders' meeting, to be held not
more than forty (40) days after the call, to decide whether the
corporation should offer to purchase the shares. A purchase offer must
be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of
votes entitled to be cast at the meeting, excluding votes in respect of
the shares covered by the notice.

(c)  The corporation must deliver a purchase offer to the person
requesting it within seventy‑five (75) days after the effective date of
the request notice. A purchase offer must be accompanied by the
corporation's balance sheet as of the end of a fiscal year ending not
more than sixteen (16) months before the effective date of the request
notice, an income statement for that year, a statement of changes in
shareholders' equity for that year, and the latest available interim
financial statements, if any. The person must accept the purchase offer
in writing within fifteen (15) days after receiving it or the offer is
rejected.

(d)  A corporation agreeing to purchase shares under this section may
allocate some or all of the shares to one (1) or more of its
shareholders or to other persons if all the shareholders voting in favor
of the purchase offer approve the allocation. If the corporation has
more than one (1) class or series of shares, however, the remaining
holders of the class or series of shares being purchased are entitled to
a first option to purchase the shares not purchased by the corporation
in proportion to their shareholdings or in some other proportion agreed
to by all the shareholders participating in the purchase.

(e)  If price and other terms of a compulsory purchase of shares are
fixed or are to be determined by the articles of incorporation, bylaws,
or a written agreement, the price and terms so fixed or determined
govern the compulsory purchase unless the purchaser defaults, in which
event the buyer is entitled to commence a proceeding for dissolution
under W.S. 17‑17‑116.

17‑17‑116.  Court action to compel purchase.

(a)  If an offer to purchase shares made under W.S. 17‑17‑115 is
rejected, or if no offer is made, the person exercising the compulsory
purchase right may commence a proceeding against the corporation to
compel the purchase in the district court of the county where the
corporation's principal office, or, if none in this state, its
registered office, is located. The corporation at its expense shall
notify in writing all of its shareholders, and any other person the
court directs, of the commencement of the proceeding. The jurisdiction
of the court in which the proceeding is commenced under this subsection
is plenary and exclusive.

(b)  The court shall determine the fair value of the shares subject to
compulsory purchase in accordance with the standards set forth in W.S.
17‑17‑142 together with terms for the purchase. Upon making these
determinations the court shall order the corporation to purchase or
cause the purchase of the shares or empower the person exercising the
compulsory purchase right to have the corporation dissolved.

(c)  After the purchase order is entered, the corporation may petition
the court to modify the terms of purchase and the court may do so if it
finds that changes in the financial or legal ability of the corporation
or other purchaser to complete the purchase justify a modification.

(d)  If the corporation or other purchaser does not make a payment
required by the court's order within thirty (30) days of its due date,
the seller may petition the court to dissolve the corporation and,
absent a showing of good cause for not making the payment, the court
shall do so.

(e)  A person making a payment to prevent or cure a default by the
corporation or other purchaser is entitled to recover the payment from
the defaulter.

17‑17‑117.  Court costs and other expenses.

(a)  The court in a proceeding commenced under W.S. 17‑17‑116 shall
determine the total costs of the proceeding, including the reasonable
compensation and expenses of appraisers appointed by the court and of
counsel and experts employed by the parties. Except as provided in
subsection (b) of this section, the court shall assess these costs
equally against the corporation and the party exercising the compulsory
purchase right.

(b)  The court may assess all or a portion of the total costs of the
proceeding:

(i)  Against the person exercising the compulsory purchase right if the
court finds that the fair value of the shares does not substantially
exceed the corporation's last purchase offer made before commencement of
the proceeding and that the person's failure to accept the offer was
arbitrary, or otherwise not in good faith; or

(ii)  Against the corporation if the court finds that the fair value of
the shares substantially exceeds the corporation's last sale offer made
before commencement of the proceeding and that the offer was arbitrary,
or otherwise not made in good faith.

17‑17‑120.  Shareholder agreements.

(a)  All the shareholders of a statutory close corporation may agree in
writing to regulate the exercise of the corporate powers and the
management of the business and affairs of the corporation or the
relationship among the shareholders of the corporation.

(b)  An agreement authorized by this section is effective although:

(i)  It eliminates a board of directors;

(ii)  It restricts the discretion or powers of the board or authorizes
director proxies or weighted voting rights;

(iii)  Its effect is to treat the corporation as a partnership; or

(iv)  It creates a relationship among the shareholders or between the
shareholders and the corporation that would otherwise be appropriate
only among partners.

(c)  If the corporation has a board of directors, an agreement
authorized by this section restricting the discretion or powers of the
board relieves directors of liability imposed by law, and imposes that
liability on each person in whom the board's discretion or power is
vested, to the extent that the discretion or powers of the board of
directors are governed by the agreement.

(d)  A provision eliminating a board of directors in an agreement
authorized by this section is not effective unless the articles of
incorporation contain a statement to that effect as required by W.S.
17‑17‑121.

(e)  A provision entitling one (1) or more shareholders to dissolve the
corporation under W.S. 17‑17‑133 is effective only if a statement of
this right is contained in the articles of incorporation.

(f)  To amend an agreement authorized by this section, all the
shareholders must approve the amendment in writing unless the agreement
provides otherwise.

(g)  Subscribers for shares may act as shareholders with respect to an
agreement authorized by this section if shares are not issued when the
agreement was made.

(h)  This section does not prohibit any other agreement between or among
shareholders in a statutory close corporation.

17‑17‑121.  Elimination of board of directors.

(a)  A statutory close corporation may operate without a board of
directors if its articles of incorporation contain a statement to that
effect.

(b)  An amendment to articles of incorporation eliminating a board of
directors must be approved by all the shareholders of the corporation,
whether or not otherwise entitled to vote on amendments, or if no shares
have been issued, by all the subscribers for shares, if any, or if none,
by all the incorporators.

(c)  While a corporation is operating without a board of directors as
authorized by subsection (a) of this section:

(i)  All corporate powers shall be exercised by or under the authority
of, and the business and affairs of the corporation managed under the
direction of, the shareholders;

(ii)  Unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise:

(A)  Action requiring director approval or both director and shareholder
approval is authorized if approved by the shareholders; and

(B)  Action requiring a majority or greater percentage vote of the board
of directors is authorized if approved by the majority or greater
percentage of the votes of shareholders entitled to vote on the action.

(iii)  A shareholder is not liable for his act or omission, although a
director would be, unless the shareholder was entitled to vote on the
action;

(iv)  A requirement by a state or the United States that a document
delivered for filing contain a statement that specified action has been
taken by the board of directors is satisfied by a statement that the
corporation is a statutory close corporation without a board of
directors and that the action was approved by the shareholders; and

(v)  The shareholders by resolution may appoint one (1) or more
shareholders to sign documents as "designated directors."

(d)  An amendment to articles of incorporation deleting the statement
eliminating a board of directors must be approved by the holders of at
least two‑thirds (2/3) of the votes of each class or series of shares of
the corporation, voting as separate voting groups, whether or not
otherwise entitled to vote on amendments. The amendment must also
specify the number, names and addresses of the corporation's directors
or describe who will perform the duties of a board under W.S. 17‑16‑801.

17‑17‑122.  Bylaws.

(a)  A statutory close corporation need not adopt bylaws if provisions
required by law to be contained in bylaws are contained in either the
articles of incorporation or a shareholder agreement authorized by W.S.
17‑17‑120.

(b)  If a corporation does not have bylaws when its statutory close
corporation status terminates under W.S. 17‑17‑131, the corporation
shall immediately adopt bylaws under W.S. 17‑16‑206.

17‑17‑123.  Annual meeting.

(a)  The annual meeting date for a statutory close corporation is the
last business day of the third month following the close of the business
year unless its articles of incorporation, bylaws, or a shareholder
agreement authorized by W.S. 17‑17‑120 fixes a different date.

(b)  A statutory close corporation need not hold an annual meeting
unless one (1) or more shareholders deliver written notice to the
corporation requesting a meeting at least thirty (30) days before the
meeting date determined under subsection (a) of this section.

17‑17‑124.  Execution of documents in more than one capacity.

Notwithstanding any law to the contrary, an individual who holds more
than one (1) office in a statutory close corporation may execute,
acknowledge or verify in more than one (1) capacity any document
required to be executed, acknowledged or verified by the holders of two
(2) or more offices.

17‑17‑125.  Limited liability.

The failure of a statutory close corporation to observe the usual
corporate formalities or requirements relating to the exercise of its
corporate powers or management of its business and affairs is not a
ground for imposing personal liability on the shareholders for
liabilities of the corporation.

17‑17‑130.  Merger, consolidation, share exchange and sale of assets.

(a)  A plan of merger, consolidation or share exchange that:

(i)  If effected would terminate statutory close corporation status must
be approved by the holders of at least two‑thirds (2/3) of the votes of
each class or series of shares of the statutory close corporation,
voting as separate voting groups, whether or not the holders are
otherwise entitled to vote on the plan;

(ii)  If effected would create the surviving or new corporation as a
statutory close corporation must be approved by the holders of at least
two‑thirds (2/3) of the votes of each class or series of shares of the
surviving corporation, voting as separate voting groups, whether or not
the holders are otherwise entitled to vote on the plan.

(b)  A sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, encumbrance or other disposition
of all or substantially all of the property, with or without the good
will, of a statutory close corporation, if not made in the usual and
regular course of business, must be approved by the holders of at least
two‑thirds (2/3) of the votes of each class or series of shares of the
corporation, voting as separate voting groups, whether or not the
holders are otherwise entitled to vote on the transaction.

17‑17‑131.  Termination of statutory close corporation status.

(a)  A statutory close corporation may terminate its statutory close
corporation status by amending its articles of incorporation to delete
the statement that it is a statutory close corporation. If the statutory
close corporation has elected to operate without a board of directors
under W.S. 17‑17‑121, the amendment must either comply with W.S.
17‑16‑801 or delete the statement dispensing with the board of directors
from its articles of incorporation.

(b)  An amendment terminating statutory close corporation status must be
approved by the holders of at least two‑thirds (2/3) of the votes of
each class or series of shares of the corporation, voting as separate
voting groups, whether or not the holders are otherwise entitled to vote
on amendments.

(c)  If an amendment to terminate statutory close corporation status is
adopted, each shareholder who voted against the amendment is entitled to
assert dissenters' rights under W.S. 17‑16‑1301 through 17‑16‑1331.

17‑17‑132.  Effect of termination of statutory close corporation status.

(a)  A corporation that terminates its status as a statutory close
corporation is thereafter subject to all provisions of the Wyoming
Business Corporation Act and, if incorporated under W.S. 17‑3‑101
through 17‑3‑104, to all provisions of those statutes.

(b)  Termination of statutory close corporation status does not affect
any right of a shareholder or of the corporation under an agreement or
the articles of incorporation unless this chapter, the Wyoming Business
Corporation Act, or another law of this state invalidates the right.

17‑17‑133.  Shareholder option to dissolve corporation.

(a)  The articles of incorporation of a statutory close corporation may
authorize one (1) or more shareholders, or the holders of a specified
number or percentage of shares of any class or series, to dissolve the
corporation at will or upon the occurrence of a specified event or
contingency. The shareholder or shareholders exercising this authority
must give written notice of the intent to dissolve to all the other
shareholders. Sixty (60) days after the effective date of the notice,
the corporation shall begin to wind up and liquidate its business and
affairs and file articles of dissolution under W.S. 17‑16‑1403 through
17‑16‑1407.

(b)  Unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise, an
amendment to the articles of incorporation to add, change or delete the
authority to dissolve described in subsection (a) of this section must
be approved by the holders of all the outstanding shares, whether or not
otherwise entitled to vote on amendments, or if no shares have been
issued, by all the subscribers for shares, if any, or if none, by all
the incorporators.

17‑17‑140.  Court action to protect shareholders.

(a)  Subject to satisfying the conditions of subsections (c) and (d) of
this section, a shareholder of a statutory close corporation may
petition the district court for any of the relief described in W.S.
17‑17‑141 through 17‑17‑143 if:

(i)  The directors or those in control of the corporation have acted,
are acting, or will act in a manner that is illegal, oppressive,
fraudulent or unfairly prejudicial to the petitioner, whether in his
capacity as shareholder, director or officer of the corporation;

(ii)  The directors or those in control of the corporation are
deadlocked in the management of the corporation's affairs, the
shareholders are unable to break the deadlock, and the corporation is
suffering or will suffer irreparable injury or the business and affairs
of the corporation can no longer be conducted to the advantage of the
shareholders generally because of the deadlock; or

(iii)  There exists one (1) or more grounds for judicial dissolution of
the corporation under W.S. 17‑16‑1430.

(b)  A shareholder must commence a proceeding under subsection (a) of
this section in the district court of the county where the corporation's
principal office, or, if none in this state, its registered office, is
located. The jurisdiction of the court in which the proceeding is
commenced is plenary and exclusive.

(c)  If a shareholder has agreed in writing to pursue a nonjudicial
remedy to resolve disputed matters, he may not commence a proceeding
under this section with respect to the matters until he has exhausted
the nonjudicial remedy.

(d)  If a shareholder has dissenters' rights under this chapter or W.S.
17‑16‑1301 through 17‑16‑1331 with respect to proposed corporate action,
he must commence a proceeding under this section before he is required
to give notice of his intent to demand payment under W.S. 17‑16‑1321 or
to demand payment under W.S. 17‑16‑1323 or the proceeding is barred.

(e)  Except as provided in subsections (c) and (d) of this section, a
shareholder's right to commence a proceeding under this section and the
remedies available under W.S. 17‑17‑141 through 17‑17‑143 are in
addition to any other right or remedy he may have.

17‑17‑141.  Ordinary relief.

(a)  If the court finds that one (1) or more of the grounds for relief
described in W.S. 17‑17‑140(a) exist, it may order such relief as it
deems appropriate including one (1) or more of the following types of
relief:

(i)  The performance, prohibition, alteration or setting aside of any
action of the corporation or of its shareholders, directors, or officers
or of any other party to the proceeding;

(ii)  The cancellation or alteration of any provision in the
corporation's articles of incorporation or bylaws;

(iii)  The removal from office of any director or officer;

(iv)  The appointment of any individual as a director or officer;

(v)  An accounting with respect to any matter in dispute;

(vi)  The appointment of a custodian to manage the business and affairs
of the corporation;

(vii)  The appointment of a provisional director who has all the rights,
powers and duties of a duly elected director to serve for the term and
under the conditions prescribed by the court;

(viii)  The payment of dividends; or

(ix)  The award of damages to any aggrieved party.

(b)  If the court finds that a party to the proceeding acted
arbitrarily, or otherwise not in good faith, it may award one (1) or
more other parties their reasonable expenses, including counsel fees and
the expenses of appraisers or other experts, incurred in the proceeding.

17‑17‑142.  Extraordinary relief; share purchase.

(a)  If the court finds that the ordinary relief described in W.S.
17‑17‑141(a) is or would be inadequate or inappropriate, it may order
the corporation dissolved under W.S. 17‑17‑143 unless the corporation or
one (1) or more of its shareholders purchases all the shares of the
shareholder for their fair value and on terms determined under
subsection (b) of this section.

(b)  If the court orders a share purchase, it shall:

(i)  Determine the fair value of the shares, considering among other
relevant evidence the going concern value of the corporation, any
agreement among some or all of the shareholders fixing the price or
specifying a formula for determining share value for any purpose, the
recommendations of appraisers, if any, appointed by the court, and any
legal constraints on the corporation's ability to purchase the shares;

(ii)  Specify the terms of the purchase, including if appropriate terms
for installment payments, subordination of the purchase obligation to
the rights of the corporation's other creditors, security for a deferred
purchase price, and a covenant not to compete or other restriction on
the seller;

(iii)  Require the seller to deliver all his shares to the purchaser
upon receipt of the purchase price or the first installment of the
purchase price;

(iv)  Provide that after the seller delivers his shares he has no
further claim against the corporation, its directors, officers or
shareholders, other than a claim to any unpaid balance of the purchase
price and a claim under any agreement with the corporation or the
remaining shareholders that is not terminated by the court; and

(v)  Provide that if the purchase is not completed in accordance with
the specified terms, the corporation is to be dissolved under W.S.
17‑17‑143.

(c)  After the purchase order is entered, any party may petition the
court to modify the terms of the purchase and the court may do so if it
finds that changes in the financial or legal ability of the corporation
or other purchaser to complete the purchase justify a modification.

(d)  If the corporation is dissolved because the share purchase was not
completed in accordance with the court's order, the selling shareholder
has the same rights and priorities in the corporation's assets as if the
sale had not been ordered.

17‑17‑143.  Extraordinary relief; dissolution.

(a)  The court may dissolve the corporation if it finds:

(i)  There are one (1) or more grounds for judicial dissolution under
W.S. 17‑16‑1430; or

(ii)  All other relief ordered by the court under W.S. 17‑17‑141 or
17‑17‑142 has failed to resolve the matters in dispute.

(b)  In determining whether to dissolve the corporation, the court shall
consider among other relevant evidence the financial condition of the
corporation but may not refuse to dissolve solely because the
corporation has accumulated earnings or current operating profits.

17‑17‑150.  Application to existing corporations.

This chapter applies to all corporations electing statutory close
corporation status under W.S. 17‑17‑103 after its effective date.

17‑17‑151.  Reservation of power to amend or repeal.

The legislature has power to amend or repeal all or part of this chapter
at any time and all corporations subject to this chapter are governed by
the amendment or repeal.